 ( music playing ) Marques: Today I'm going to
 talk with Rik Cordero,  a filmmaker who's directed
 music videos  with retro aesthetics
 for artists like Nas,  Q-Tip, and The Roots.  Rik is here
 to help me compare  the analog look
 of digital cameras  versus the look of
 the original JVC camcorder. So, this is it.
What I was using  when I was making
 these music videos was the Panasonic HVX-- something that bridged
the gap between consumer and professional equipment, and it had this lived-in look. Great, let's see
if we can put it together.  ( music playing ) - This is now adapted.
- It is. - What I have here today
  is that first JVC camera.
- Oh, my God. I'm really excited to see what it looks like
next to this thing. Who's gonna carry
the lighter camera?
That's the question. - I got this one.
- Thanks. ( muttering ) The only bummer
was not having a screen - to see anything.
- Yeah. Now that we've shot with this,
we should switch over - and see what
  the Panasonic system's like.
- Yeah. Yeah. - How was that?
- Pretty good. It was framed pretty well,
and I could see it. When you have the viewfinder, you feel more confident
in your shots. Marques: Yeah. All right, well, let's look
at them side by side. All right,
so let's check out the JVC. - ( whirring )
- I love that motorized
  sound that it makes. - That's a long sound.
- It is. - I'm not even gonna lie.
- You ever see-- - You ever see "RoboCop"?
- No. Cordero:
 They recorded the sounds of,  like, VCRs and VHS camcorders as the sounds
of when RoboCop walked. ( whirring ) Thank you for your cooperation.
Good night. ( whirring ) That actually makes
a lot of sense. - Almost everything that's
  in highlight is blown out.
- Yeah. - Uh, not as wide as I thought.
- There you go. There you go. We're seeing the disadvantage
of not having a viewfinder. - Yeah. It looks like
  found footage.
- Yeah. We were going for that look. So, this is really
taking me back.  I was filming VHS movies
 when I was 13 years old. Nothing was perfect, and that's
what made it feel real. You can add
all the after effects,
plug-ins you want,  and you're not gonna achieve
 what's happening here.  Marques: Not something that
 could easily be replicated. - Rik: No. 
- Next step is to check out what the Panasonic system
kicked up. Pause this. Rik: So we'll play
the first clip. All right. The framing's
instantly way better, much more dynamic range, and, yeah,
colors look way better. The thing I like is
that you still have this
filmic look to it. It's a look
that I think really advanced
the look of VHS. If I were to pick
between these two rigs,
I would still pick this one, even though it's
a little more taxing
to set up and carry. But at the end of the day,
this is the grandaddy
of it all. Rik: Yeah, that's the one
 that kicked off everything. 