 ( music playing ) Marques:
The original Walkman has been an outdated piece of tech
for a while now, but the movie
"Guardians of the Galaxy"  released in 2014,  sort of brought the nostalgia of the original Walkman back.  In that film, Chris Pratt's
 character Peter Quill had one cassette tape
in one Walkman through 26 years in space. It can be as low as 455 degrees
below zero Fahrenheit in the coldest parts of space. That seems like it would be
problematic for the Walkman. So today I want to
try to answer the question would that Walkman
and that cassette and that pair of headphones have lasted
for those 26 years? So, to test it, out I've brought
a tub of liquid nitrogen. But I'm not exactly qualified
to handle liquid nitrogen, - so, of course we have
  our safety instructor.
- Hi. Nice to see you. So, liquid nitrogen.
It's super, super cold. So, to protect Cryo-Apron,
gloves, and some safety glasses. All right,
I feel really safe.
How do I look? - A little high school
  science-y, but that's okay.
- Perfect. So, I'm gonna grab
the liquid nitrogen.  ( music playing ) And it looks just like water. It's just an awful lot colder. It boils at about minus 300
and some odd degrees Fahrenheit. So I'm gonna start off
with the cassette tape. So, let's pretend this is
"Awesome Mix Vol. 1." And we'll go ahead and see if it would've survived
the cold. ( clicking ) That's a strange sound. All right, so we've frozen
the cassette tape. Headphones next. ( crackling ) Liquid nitrogen,
meet battery. One more for good measure. And what you're seeing off
the outside of that battery is all of the moisture
in the air, just like a cloud
in the sky. So, the entire Walkman
is the only thing left. - ( crackling )
- I can hear a lot
  of things happening. Okay, see what happened
to the Walkman. Still physically intact.
You know what didn't survive is this little window here.
Brittle enough to break off. So, this is
the moment of truth to find out
if it keeps working. - ( screeching )
- ( high-pitched whine ) Okay, that's not
"Awesome Mix Vol. 1." Fast-forward a little. - ( screeching )
- You guys are-- You're hearing this, right?
This is pretty loud. But the wheels
aren't spinning. Something about the motor is not quite getting
enough power to move the cassette tape. Take something down that cold,
you're gonna have problems. I'll say "Awesome Mix Vol. 1" would probably not have
actually played in space. A Walkman is still awesome,
but maybe-- maybe don't believe everything
you see in the movies. 