Hey, what's good guys welcome back to techsmartt and you know what time it is it's time to open up some mystery box So in case you guys don't know how this series works check out the iCard right up there with all the older episodes where I Explain it just so you're filled in basically gonna go on this site called eBay buy these things known as mystery boxes Which could be crap recently. I've been getting a lot of crap So we don't know if this series is still gonna work drop a like if you guys are still watching and enjoying it from episode 1 because episode 10 is gonna be big. I got something crazy plans. So without further ado Let's just jump into ebay haven't said that in a while either You can tell me the last time I said without further ado drop a comment down below I'll pin it you're gonna have to go way back like 2015 2014 might even be yesterday. Don't even know. Alright, let's do this Let's just start by searching Mystery box. It's always the classic. You never know what you'll find. There's some new listings Sort by new. Whoa, we got a brand new mystery box posted today No Lego a mystery box. This is kind of interesting. I've never seen one of these before it's going for 50 bucks What with 17 dollars shipping are you serious? that's like 40% of the box costs right there Alec. You got 62 feedback You're about to not have a good 63rd feedback if you know what I'm saying Alright, this is a brand new Lego set sealed guaranteed to be worth its value Why are you telling me what I'm gonna get just let me buy it and have some fun. Alright, you know what? I'm given my first Lego set Run for its money. I've got it in the cart We search for Lego mystery box and see what else comes up. Oh, wow. Just that one Really? There's a lot of scooby-doo stuff going on here. Okay, the Mystery Machine that would make sense. Why eBay showing me it let's do mystery box retro Nothing. This could be this series could be coming to it and hope you guys have enjoyed it mystery box tech just will keep it Standard in classic $24 but there's a twenty five dollar value So we're making a penny free shipping from New York. Not good feedback Bank will morph twenty-nine feedback eighty-nine percent positive Let's see what some of these negative reviews are left or negative. Oh, this has got to be good. Whoa Whoa, this is why we read it on all four mystery boxes This guy's sold for a ride around the same price between like 15 bucks and 25 bucks Items smell like animal pee not happy told him. It's for my eight-year-old son He got nail polish and other pink I got macaroni. I'm actually No way Said the item to be worth $50 or more didn't listen to what I wanted during the past six months So these are all pretty recent Wow. I just gotta buy it and see if he's full of crap. I'm interested 25 bucks what does the description say please add a note when you purchase and tell me a little bit about yourself so I can build a Better back high-quality items and collectibles. No junk nothing dirty What if I made it all the dirty items though, you know, it doesn't have to smell the best You know some use stuff hook it up. All right, I'm just gonna let this one come to me. We'll see what happens Search mystery box weird. Whoo Wow the minute you put weird in there it gets real expensive and they're all apparently for YouTube YouTube subscribers KTV Dawg YouTube surprise weird items fun box scary gross edition. Mysterious bizarre. Whoo You know what? I can't even talk. I'm just stunned I got two boxes in the car weird and wacky mysteries electronic tech box for 6 grand whoa Maybe this is the one we need. Maybe this should be episode 10. We hit a big goal I'll actually spend like five six thousand dollars on a box That's the biggest risk I've ever taken. Okay, I'm just gonna get back to mystery box. Come on. Find me some good box Okay, so for 99 bucks, this thing just got posted today Mysteries box random box gadgets jewelry. Okay, I'm just gonna click it. It's from Burbank, Illinois. Okay. Shout out to you God, I love the people from Illinois Awesome, mystery box will include brand-new items you will have fun unboxing it. That's what I'm gonna hold them to 400 bucks Trump products grood feedback bro good feedback Let's just do this. Give me something crazy and different mystery box. I don't know how much crazier I can get here. Ooh lot of vintage items mysteries box Step back in time opening a box of vintage items for 50 bucks. Good feedback He looks like you've been doing this for awhile. You've been selling mysteries. Probably got a mystery machine. Oh Okay mystery box the fifth and final box unless we find some more good stuff but it's not looking like it Okay, you know what? I want to see I really want to see if we can make some money on these that could be another episode So for 20 bucks here I'm getting more than a 30 plus value $3 shipping from Indiana gotta love all that Midwesterners Comes with random items good feedback and only for feedback. I'll be your fifth feedback Adjusting the cart. We're spending two hundred and sixty-five bucks in this video We got a lot of interesting stuff coming so I'm gonna place the order and see how long it takes Just I'm gonna tell you this over the last few episodes. It is taken like four weeks Some boxes are showing up now that we're in episode one or two You get the idea. It's getting crazy. Here we go Now we wait so it took about a week and all the mystery boxes just came in and before we open those up big Thanks to autel and the Evo drone. This thing's actually really sick So it's sweet about this is 4k 60 frames per second video with the gimbal all built in I'm impressed Like this drone has a good amount of weight actually comes with a carrying case Which is kind of nice especially for traveling and with pretty sweet ease You can take both the Evo and the controller and if you have pips big enough You actually picked this thing up at like Best Buy or link down below Semi a picture of you doing this and I'm all retreated. I'll retweet the first person on Twitter so it's also really sweet about this is it'll range I kid you guys not this is one of the Longest distance drones I've ever checked out and that didn't even make sense. But check this out 4.2 mile range so for under $1,000 you get all this and with sweet is on the bottom. It actually has two cameras So when it's flying it creates a 3d render, and that's not something new I haven't really seen in too many drones out on the market. This thing's awesome So you want to check it out the Evo's link down below now. Let's open some mystery boxes Please took about a week to get here and I mean remote as well Just talk about it. Cuz the elephants in the room. We got one box that apparently didn't come in a mystery box It came in a mystery bag. And since there's a lot of products always coming through the techsmartt studios We just opened it and apparently it was one matched to tracking up and quickly rode up in the iCard Which box do you think is the best what is this winnings Oh Mike. What dude? What is this? Josh has no idea if you have a clue colored and festive leggings So if you need a festive legging look no further got the young Santa leggings, bro So I didn't think I was gonna try them on Josh said try them on you'll look really cool. And hey, you know maybe Maybe might help in my favor Let me know in the comments if leggings are the new vibe Well, I like these I'm keeping these on so box one. I think no bag one, right? That was comfy box two postage due Puller charging $15 for shipping and then apparently not even paying for it and expecting the post office To not take their their lego set. This is a Lego set. I don't know what it is I mean, it's a DC Comics superhero. So like you know, it's good, right? Alright, let's try this thing out. Yes my favorite Dude, if I was a Lego channel, let me know in the comments that there are Lego channels on YouTube I feel like there would there's everything on YouTube, but do they spend like hours building energy? They're like time lapse it up. I guess I'm about to find out. Whoa, that's so sweet. So I came across this channel It's called Jang bricks. He actually put together the night crawlers So I was caught just going through it and skimming. She's just a really good job I'm gonna leave his link in the description of this video if you guys want to check it out I've made four wheels and I put a minifig together. I'm just gonna cut it there. I don't want to embarrass myself anymore This is so bad, but probably really good if I had like an hour, I mean Jane bricks did it in 10 minutes? So here we go. Whoa, this is getting interesting we have Individual we wrapped items for more mystery right Wow. So the first thing we just got to go into all this is Please don't be used. Oh my god. It's actually used to use dish rag. It's a little bit used it DS dishrag. Oh man. Oh man, please. Don't be a used spoon. No. No, I can feel it. No, no No, what are you? Okay Okay, nice little fan like I I didn't know if we oh no No, it's another book No No, I think it is the vintage box, dude That's when you know I didn't even know what I ordered half the time cuz just shows up and I think here we go these earrings Oh, no, they're brooches the fact that I know this Upsets me. Nice little gold necklace here. Hopefully this is worn by someone when they were living enjoying this person's life Like literally it's like an obituary in a box You got it. They they confuse the moving box with the mystery box This is someone's life for going through oh you're kidding. No, please don't please Don't please don't please don't we have a necklace. Is there a photo? I'm like actually trying to find out if this is like a murder mystery here, right? I don't even know at this point. I think she lived on a farm. No No I said I wasn't gonna open it and then I pulled it for the wrong side of the bag No, this was someone's life. This person was probably a singer an artist a dreamer She I didn't put this into my face No, there's probably germs on this take a bath in Purell after this. Okay, so pocket camera fisher-price I think this was a little past my time I want to say this was like a 90s or like a late 80s toy I don't know how I can tell I want to say maybe like the logo you guys let me know in the comments if you Play with this toy I think you guys probably would I don't even know like I do not even know so so box three had to be the weirdest box I have ever seen in my Life so box for please. Don't be someone's life. Okay I love it. I love it. We got our first Funko. I think this might actually be my like second or third funko funkopop All figures. I don't want to call them action figures you guys Let me know in the comments if you're on the phone goes and then the pulp fiction Collectible I've never seen pulp fiction. Alright and ooh, we got jewels and jewels. Hey, are you subscribed? Oh, of course. I'm subscribed. I got them notifications on fam. Thanks, man. Appreciate it high five Alright and finally for box five and final box, the woman is a question mark on it And honestly the one that I'm most curious to check out but let's just jump into this. So all these have question marks on them all of them Whoo something cool. All right a dancing water speaker. Alright, let's check that on the stack But we didn't know wait. Alright, this is a reason I hate using knives. I think I accidentally cut into the poop emoji that makes noises really You guys know what site this is right it's called YouTube welcome the doughnut tube Sometimes you got the gold Rui and then other times you just kind of want to feel iced out with the VDS, right? You know just like grill it up. And of course a nice little checkout item that you'd always find Right before the cash register some FLARP you guys can guess in the comments what Josh just said The flarf has to be the greatest item. I think we've ever received in a mystery box. Whoa, this is awesome So it's like a strawberry Frosted with sprinkles donut. Oh, yeah. It's a remote-control robot. So 1.5 volt batteries. I don't have those I have honestly not heard of those before to remote-control robot. Honestly for $5.00 I'm just gonna let you hang out with FLARP and this is like the most interesting one of all the louder Dancing speaker. This could be the greatest item in the entire video Max volume For five bucks I Would say that's pretty cool for five dollars nice little water speaker It goes with the lyrics go and figures that's it for this video If you guys wanna see some sneak peeks throw over on Instagram posted by the insta stories That's it for this one if you guys liked it make sure to drop a like and click subscribe right down there by hitting that circle button if you guys want to see more and More episodes of what's inside the mystery box check out the other two videos right over here. I'll see you guys next time. Peace 