- Before we get in the
car what do we think? 39,000. - I love the stiff. - Are you buying it? - No. - Hey what's up guys,
welcome back a TechSmartt for a super late video but a probably early one
when you're watching this. I just got back from the
Tesla cyber truck event and I got to test drive it. All right, now I know what you're thinking and I know what the title says, you got to actually test
drive the Tesla cyber truck? Well, I got to sit in the back seat and there's footage
all through this video, I was there at the event,
I'm done flexing this badge but the Tesla cyber truck. So, this was really hyped up
and I got the iPad Pro here just so I'm accurate on all
the details that went down because emotions aside, you probably were thinking
it'd be something else then what came out. Even when I talked about that
it'd be Blade Runner like it'd be Porsche performance
but in the utility, I guess region of the F150. So a pickup truck that really
hauls and under $50,000. So that's kind of what I
expected going into it. So much people there: MKBHD,
Michael Fisher, TheUnlockr, bunch of tester youtubers like, Andy Slye, saw Shelby
Church, bunch of people. Zac from JerryRigEverything. Everyone was there,
that snazzy iPhone guy. Okay, Quinn. Everyone, everyone was there and everyone had mixed opinions going in and mixed reactions coming out. So, we knew what to expect and then the event really kicked off. The event looked really great and then the car came
out on stage and no joke, I did not believe it was the real car. Let me know in the comments
if you guys felt the same way just vote up in the iCard quickly. In my opinion, it looks like
an electric Lamborghini Urus or some sort of Evie hybrid. It looks like a military APC and I get the total concept is futuristic in a class of its own. So, pricing and models the
biggest thing you came here for and that was the most exciting thing because I thought for some
reason a model would go over a 100,000 but you get surprised. So, the Tesla cyber truck
comes in three models. You have your standard range which can tow up to 7,500 pounds. Zero to 60 time in 6.5
seconds and of course the range in price. 250 mile range with a
39,900 dollar price tag. So, that's for the standard one. That just gets you in the futuristic truck now there's two more. 300 mile range, so the
dual motor all-wheel drive, here comes the final one. The bad boy, the tri-motor all-wheel drive which I can't wait to
figure out how it works. So for 69,90 dollars, 500 plus mile range, 14,000 plus pounds of
towing in a zero to 60 of 2.9 seconds and I know
that's gonna decrease when this car actually rolls
out, whenever it rolls out and then the self driving
mode cost 7,000 dollars. So I know that was really long-winded, now let's jump into
some of the other stuff. Some stuff I got to actually see, a 17 inch display, you have
full self-driving autopilot, all the entertainment features
from any other Tesla OS. You have adaptive air
suspension which is a big thing with the Model S and Model X Ravens. So you kind of see all that T's if you check out those videos earlier. Now with the Tesla cyber truck, no one knows how large the
diameter of them tires are but what I was sitting in it it's a much more comfortable
experience because it's large. The tires really absorb that shock and with adaptive air suspension that's the big thing
they're really featuring with the whole cyber truck and it's kind of that industry
they're trying to go for because it also comes
with an air compressor. 110 or 220 volt plug. It's really if you wanna ditch the F150, you go for this and you
bring it to the next job site because it's ready. Now the biggest thing is the materials that this car is made out of. It is an ultra hard,
30 times, cold rolled, stainless steel exoskeleton. You let me know in the comments what car it's reminding you of just
off the first impressions because I genuinely can't believe a sledge hammer was taken to the door, I mean it's stainless steel and it's 30 times cold
rolled so, yeah that works but then it came to the
glass and you saw this, I wasn't expecting this. The glass I thought was a stunt. (gasping audience) - Well, maybe that was a little too hard. - I thought it was basically Sonic. Okay you saw, the first version of Sonic now you have the new version of Sonic. We all talked about it, now we're probably all gonna go see it. It's like the emoji movie. Well, with Tesla armored
glass it's bulletproof up to a nine millimeter. No one pulled to shoot anything but that's gonna be a test
because you can't claim that and show it works when
you bring a metal ball, throw it at the windshield,
not once but twice and it fractures and not where it's like, oh you know it stopped it, I was laughing but I really
thought that was a joke and it's not so, I can't wait to see it actually stop a nine millimeter bullet, we got a long way to come for production but that would be really cool just who, who can test it or who wants to put their car and hard-earned dollars down for it? Probably TechSmartt, it's
probably gonna be this channel so get subscribed. So you kind of know a little
bit more about the cyber truck but here's the big thing, I
actually got to sit in the back. The interior feels like
a Model X on steroids. Really a vehicle of its own. In the actual UI on the 17 inch display kinda looks like dark mode was improved and it just looks like
a different Tesla UI. That's it. I don't know for sure. I could only see it because
I was in the back of the car but what was awesome is the lockable exterior storage or really the back of
the whole pickup truck. I thought that being illuminated was the coolest thing just to look at. The test drive was really quick. I don't know if we were in the tri-motor all-wheel drive model. It wouldn't surprise me, I know Elon loves to put
on something just amazing for first impressions. They talked about an ATV, you
know something's kind of funky and really we didn't
hear pricing on the ATV, range on the ATV. It was drive this in the back of the truck because we made it and we can. when I asked three people
just quickly that were near me what they thought about the cyber truck, just to get their first impressions, especially if they came
out of a test-drive so I asked MKBHD, Marques
Brownlee what he thought and this is what he said. - Pretty cool, I mean, look at it. - [TechSmartt] No, you tell us. - There's three seats in the front. - [TechSmartt] Yep - But the middle one falls down. - [TechSmartt] Okay - And it's a bunch of
cup holders and then, the rear view mirror is a camera. I think that's okay, legally. There's no gears I think,
anywhere else in the car. There's just a lot of glass. - [TechSmartt] Do you like it? Will you buy it? - I won't buy it, I don't need a truck. - [TechSmartt] Still not convinced. - No I don't need a truck
but it's pretty cool. - and then I was like, okay, let's go to a guy that's a
little older, Michael Fisher. Here's what he said. - Look, all I wanted was not to be bored. - [TechSmartt] Where you not bored? - I'm not bored. You cannot possibly be
bored looking at that thing. - And then we really wanted to go gen Z so I hit up my man Philip
from everything Apple Pro. Here's what he said. - Do you need a truck in your life Philip? - Yes, I'm not getting
into because of that. - And now we bring it right back here, you get some fresh
opinions and impressions. There's one other company that
has an electric pickup truck coming out in 2021 and it's
by the name of the Rivian R1T. Do you pre order the cyber truck or do you go for the Rivian. I think there's a whole
nother video there. So of course, I have to say where does the Tesla Model X stand. I feel like if I was a Model X owner I wouldn't even consider this and being a model 3 performance owner, I'm only considering this because I have a tech YouTube channel, I wanna get more in electric vehicles and this one looks really cool. This one's going to turn
heads on the highway and there's a lot more I
wanna learn more about. All right guys, that's
gonna do it for this one. If you guys want a few more videos on Evs I'm really enjoying them so drop a like and I'll make some more. Hit subscribe so you guys don't miss them and I'll catch you guys in
the future or next time. 