Imagine this in your kitchen this year I've checked out the Amazon echo and the Google home and I gotta be honest those things are amazing and I honestly took them for Granted Once I found this this is Professor Einstein Albert Einstein in a robot forum And what makes him different than all the other virtual assistants is he has a real personality behind him this guy created equals MC squared a squared plus B squared equals C squared, he's created all the math formulas and now he's a robot I don't even know what to say, so we're just gonna check him out and turn him on Like just look at him. He looks Actually real imagine if Alexa. We've had some hair on her She had a face some pants and a tie like that would look really weird in your kitchen And I honestly don't think I'd have any friends if I had one of these sitting in my house But let's try it out so on the front here. We got our pairing button on the back. Oh there We go like the buttons are placed in weird areas this thing is so creepy I wish I could have put like the power button on the bottom of the shoe or something no it's on his rear I'm sorry Einstein you didn't deserve this, but you're getting it Why are you pointing do you see what I'm saying here Stop pointing before we check out more of the app and some of the other games. Let's go ahead and ask him some questions And you can't just say yo Albert Albert yo it's good. I wish you could say that hey professor yes How you doing? Doesn't even have feelings Hey professor yes take a walk Alexa can't do this. I got her right here. She's listening. She's probably gonna get hey stop it. I Don't think Albert Einstein hummed this much There's no way there is no way you just look so creepy boss like it's got an infrared sensor in the middle here Under his tie like look at his face. It looks. I want to say it looks realistic I know his eyes in the back of his head a little bit Okay, this thing could play some games is controlled through this sign o matic app. What's crazy about? This is it's a gigabyte in size her like almost a gigabyte like 900 megabytes so it took forever to download Why why are you looking at me like that I'm calling you out. I know I'm calling you out don't hey don't you look at me like that professor, and I got our profile name Alexa here, so let's go ahead and Play something there called brain games. Okay, keep me smart professor. That's what it says in the book start a challenge and the games should be connecting with professor but Won't they got oh look they have a lot of games here Land let's try this how to land okay? So the games are kind of like with Science and the other things that Einstein probably created like the rocket ship and the hard surgery all right Let's try this start practice. Hey Einstein Thank you, thank you Don't look at me like that that's the creepiest look ever So unlike Alexa which is so accurate and honestly I've taken this for granted I thought this would exist and professor it doesn't check us out. Hey professor Stick your tongue out Do you see that Alexa do you have a tone? Where is it? Is it underneath here? I know you don't have a tongue chill out all right. We're talking to Alvar Can't I don't want them. I don't want them to start fighting. It'll just be bad It's like playing with action figures, but with artificial intelligence. That's pretty scary What I want to do and probably what you're interested in is What makes Albert Einstein tick like? What is behind this thing with the Alexa here? It's pretty boring. You know It's just a black speaker It works though, and men I I'm so thankful that we have this but with Professor What makes you work, so we're gonna undress professor I'm sorry this no disrespect to the Einstein family. I just think this robots really creepy like I Don't even want to do this - professor. I just want to know what makes this man tick Okay keep it together back there Mac. Can't no one can keep it together What is that velcro? Oh wait no that isn't velcro. That's glue. Oh my professor professor what happened here boss Mr.. Einstein Alexa, it works now. Let's see what's behind Its face, it's gonna. We're just gonna finesse this we're gonna finesse his skin - aha awesome We're just gonna finesse stop move. Just let it happen Literally, oh wow that's just it took it right off them What if you cut me if you sit with revenge hey professor This is pretty much the creepiest virtual assistant. I have ever seen for sure the creepiest robot of all time This is scary. This is really scary if you guys are me to fully cut them up Make sure you follow us on the instance story, and you drop a like on the most recent photo I'll slice them up if enough you guys want me to and we'll see what really makes this man tick That's gonna do for this video make sure you get subscribed With notifications on if you're new and let me know in the comments if you're just joining the notice squad Follow something into the story. It's seriously poppin the whole crews here and Sorry, Einstein bye 