Hey, what's good guys? Welcome back to TechSmartt
for a brand new video. In this one, it's kinda
like a "monthly favorites." Here are five gadgets
you probably slept on. Roll the alarm clock. (alarm clock sounding) So yeah, if you wanna
check out anything in this video, I'll leave it linked down below. And the first thing is the
ViewSonic PX725HD Projector. And big thanks to ViewSonic for sponsoring this video, by the way. So true story here, I actually moved, and I'm setting up a brand new man cave. So I came across this,
definitely wanted to pick it up. So what's sweet about
this is it costs $670 but it's the best
projector that I could find in the mid-range class. So, there's a lot of projectors out there. I didn't wanna spend a
thousand dollars, I wanted something just kinda right in the middle. And this is the coolest
thing that I could find. So 2 HDMI ports on the back. You got VGA, RCA cables, USB
port, which is a nice touch, and then the power brick AC there. And like all projectors, you
can zoom, toggle the focus, enter, your buttons, all that stuff. So I think the only thing
left for us to do, Ev, is plug it in, watch some TechSmartt. So now that the PX725HD's
all set up, you'll never guess how big this is! Ev, let's go, how tall you think this is? Vote up in the I-card if
you think you can guess how big this is. 6 feet, 6 feet! I'm clearly having issues
holding a tape measure. So right behind me, a 62" screen. And obviously, the further back
you go, the larger it gets. So this behind me is 1080p at 60Hz. And what's really cool, is an ultra-low latency, it's 16 milliseconds, so frame-by-frame is there on this. And that's awesome,
'cause if you're a lot of TechSmartt, you know you gotta be able to keep up with 'em. (treadmill squeaking) Also included is a 6
speed RGB RGB, which helps optimize rec. 709, and
that's the color profile, so I'd say I look pretty normal, and that's not always the case. Look at my skin tones, look at the box. I think you guys can see it for yourself. The PX725HD has life-like color and more. You can just tell back there. So if you guys wanna
check it out, link down in the description, let's check out some other stuff you might have slept on. So up next are the Sony
WH1000XM3's, and I gotta be the last person to check these out. Ev, have you seen these?
You probably have. In here are basically a
$350 pair of headphones that offer kinda something interesting because if you're a Bose QC35 user, and if you know what those
are, you're a legend, let me know in the comments
if you've tried 'em or if you've tried these. But those are the best
active noise canceling pair of headphones out on the market. And the M3's stand to rival it at $350 so you have a nice carrying case here and you open 'em up. What's sweet on these
headphones, is actually a USB-C port, 3.5mm headphone jack, so you can use these wired,
power-on button, and then an ambient noise canceling button. When you throw these guys on, they also are designed a little bit
different from the M2's, if you guys know what those look like. 'Cause when you throw 'em right on, they have this over ear feel, so they go all the way around the
ear, and I mean, I just gotta power 'em on,
they're pretty sweet, Ev. Button right there... Whoa! That just dampens the entire room. It went from, obviously,
the ambience of hearing the vents, hearing the A/C,
to just hearing nothing. (ambient synthesizer music) Bluetooth connected. So what you also get, 3.5 to 3.5 cable. You can use these wired. Big win, too. Is that an airport - wait
- an airplane connector? Of course it is. Ev, have you ever used
one of these in your life? I have not, you let me
know in the comments if you ever have. Just a
weird thing to add in. Obviously a nice bonus
that they do have room for in the case, is the USB-C cable. Bluetooth dies? No one can stop you! Wow, the active noise canceling
is on, you can hear it. So we're gonna listen
to the PBJams playlist. If you guys missed it, link
down in the description. It's updated every single
Friday, for your jams and listening needs. What sweet is, Spotify, Apple
Music, YouTube, whatever platform you have, you're covered. So, let's hit shuffle,
test these out. Okay! So it's got a feature called
active noise canceling. Whoa! That's how it's done! It feels like you're almost
in GarageBand and you just muted the audio and
you can just hear yourself on the mics. And that's called smart listening mode. So it's activated when
you put your hand over the right ear cup, just so
you can hear the ambience, if you're ever missing something. And there's actually
quick charge on here with the USB-C port. 10 minutes charge time gets
you 5 hours of battery. So, I gotta test that out,
I'll let you guys know on Twitter if that's the case, but these feel pretty nice already! I lost my QC35's so
having a pair like this, it feels like I'm right back to it. And I have tried the M2's, so how do they sound in comparison? I'd say a little bit
better, heavier on the bass for sure, but compared
to the main competitor, the QC35's, I'd say the M3's win all day. Of course, seems like
this is the biggest trend in 2019, but obviously the
M3's have Google Assistant and Alexa on here, so if
that's something you're into, you're covered, Ev. The last thing that I
really like that the QC35's don't have is an app. So the M3's, like all Sony
headphones, have an app. You can see here, battery
life, stats, and then kinda customize it from
equalizer, environment, you can shift around the
surround sound so you can give it an outdoor
stage kind of feel, indoor. Sound pretty good. For
$350 I wouldn't go back to the Bose. And ooh! Alright, so the Fitbit Versa. This is item number 3. This was one that I
didn't know if I slept on, or if it's slept on me. Fitbit came out with the
Ionic a few years back, and that was a really
good smart watch for what it could do, but the Versa looks cool. So I got it in the "Teletubbies purple" and yeah, we gotta just get it on paired. We got mad bands. So you
got a band if you're small, large, any customization.
You got the silicone ones, then you got the fabric type. So if you guys don't
remember, Fitbit bought Pebble a few years back, and
Pebble was one of the first smart watch
companies on Kickstarter. So if the design looks
familiar, you're probably not surprised. What's interesting, though,
is the charging cradle. You just push down, Ev? It's almost like a pair of tongs. Then you just drop the
smart watch in, release to let go, then it's secure. I kinda like it. So
traditionally, you guys know I love the series 4, but
with the Versa at $169, it has a touch screen, gets notifications, has an iOS and an Android app. It really feels similar to the Pebble. I mean, you can download
a bunch of watch faces. So jumpin' on into the
Fitbit app, this is where I really like it because the fitness on here is unmatched. I don't think there's any other fitness smart watch that is better than the Fitbit and the Versa at that. Like, just looking at
this app, it's friendly, it's easy to understand. The one thing that I really
like are the adventures because there's challenges,
and what's kinda cool about that is unlike the
Apple Watch, where you can invite a friend and there's
the activity center, what's awesome about the
adventures are: it gives you pictures and it kind of gives you more defined trails? Check this out, Ev. Pohono Trail. You wanna go? So, because Ev doesn't have a Fitbit, he can't come on the adventure. - You just have to say that
you're fine when you're not really fine. - So the Fitbit Versa,
the one thing I will say is it's the best fitness
smart watch out there... The charger is wack. You guys are gonna get in a theme here, I am a huge audio nut in 2019. All of a sudden, I am just into earbuds, headphones, smart watches
was 2018 and wearables. This year it's really headphones. So the Tarah Pro's are sweet. For $159, I really like
what Jaybird's done, and I think they might
have beaten themselves, I mean you guys know
the Jaybird MySound app. Has equalizer variability
so you can change up whatever you want in there. But what I really like
about these: the carrying case, as always, the ear tips, you know. But they're wired, and
they're still Bluetooth, but they have just enough
where battery life is crazy. There's even a quick charge on here where a 5 minute charge gets you
2 hours of usage on here. 14 hours of battery life.
You can't really beat it. I have to put that to
the test myself, since I just opened 'em up. But these were on my list forever. Let's just turn 'em on. What's also really nice
is the control talk. I really like the in-line mic and just having buttons. Even they're comfy, too.
I love the ear hooks. These wings - fantastic. So it's telling me to
download the Jaybird app, so trying out the Tarah
Pro's here, you can actually have custom presets
with the adjustable EQ. You can adjust your lows, mids, highs. Other than that you can
check out some music, some podcasts, it's got just a basic app. I think the greatest thing
about the Tarah Pro's, though, is they are the
best gym headphones money can buy, for $159, with
the adjustable cord. Why buy AirPods when you
can get better sounding headphones? I feel like these are just gonna last. Like you just - and they're still playing. The last thing is something I have had to check out forever. No one's said check it out, I mean, Ev, you usually tell me what to get. This is the Facebook Portal. So this is the Portal, they
also make a Portal Plus which goes for $299. This one goes for $149 and it's basically, I mean, Facebook says it themselves, "Connecting through Portal feels like being together in the same room." Isn't that what you've always wanted, Ev? Be together in the same room, on Facebook, with your friends? So I don't know if it's
a generational thing. Ev, you tell me this:
would you want all your friends to be able to
call you from Facebook at any time? No! I don't know if I would
want to either, but can't knock it 'til we try it, right? Got the black Portal here. Got this charging cable. Let's get started. What is that? Oh, a camera cover! Pretty clever. So you do get a camera
cover if you do feel like you're being spied on, they understand. For $159, it also shows your photos. Now tell me this, honest question. Think about this guys. Would you want your
Facebook photos being shown on a digital photo frame in your kitchen? - No, no, no, no! - I do like the USB-C port on the back. I always get it confused with USB 3. So let's call myself. As you move, the camera adjusts. I'm gonna call myself one more time. Pretty lonesome. So check this out. So another thing you
can do, if you actually have friends, I don't,
you can add other friends to the party. Just gonna hit 'no.' Another thing you can do
is actually watch video. This is what I think is the coolest part. Ev, you checkin' this? You can watch Facebook Watch. So, Facebook Watch is
kinda Facebook's video tab. I really like it a lot. One of my favorite shows
on Facebook Watch is "The Real Bros of Simi Valley." Shout out to Jimmy Tatro. And just shout out to
Facebook Watch for getting their own Google Home. Like, this is kinda like Facebook Watch's Google Home Hub. Everyone came out with
one of these, a screen where you can either watch
YouTube, or other content. Looks pretty nice, so if
you have it in your kitchen, you can now watch recipe videos. Tasty, Ev. Alright guys, so that's
five gadgets I think you might have been sleeping on recently. Facebook Portal, the
projector, the Tarah Pros... I think my favorite has to be the M3's and the projector. So that's it for this video. Drop a like if you guys want another, and make sure you join
if you guys wanna become a member to get some extra bonus content. Instagram is just @TechSmartt, and I'll see you guys next time. 