- What's up guys? Keaton here and welcome
back to another episode of Impulse Buys. Basically, it's a show
where I have five minutes to go on to some of your favorite sites like Amazon, Wal-mart, Target and buy as much tech as I can. Usually we have a budget
or a certain theme. Today's episode it's gonna be around Prime items, so stuff you can buy at home. Everything, by the way, is
linked down to the description and get in two days. So I'm super pumped. Now I've done this around Amazon before, around Cyber Monday. I picked up some solid deals. If you guys missed that video, I'll leave the link right
up there in the iCart. - [Man] No!
- Nope. That's it, that's it, no. Make sure to check out the time we went into Fry's Electronics. It's like our local
gadget store here in L.A. where I basically almost got kicked out, but we found some really cool stuff. Add that in there, let's run and check. And that Best Buy one. 38 seconds left. - [Man] To check out, let's go. - We finessed this Best Buy. I don't even know how I pulled it off. (audience laughs) - Pulling them off. - So we've got five minutes on the timer, Amazon on the laptop. Before we start, big thanks to Honey for actually making this video possible. So basically Honey is
a free Chrome extension that's super easy to download. What it does, is it searches for coupons on any of the products
you're buying online. So with this drill bit set here, and since Honey's just a Chrome extension, it looks for price changes and
product coupons all the time. So right here, I got four price changes and I can actually check
out the price history. Kind of see if it's going up or down. You can tell this drill
bit set is actually below price, so it's
pretty much a solid buy. You hop back to Amazon,
apply the coupon if you want. It's pretty simple. So just go to joinhoney.com/techsmartt, also in the description below. Let's get to actually
buying some stuff on Amazon. Five minutes starts now. Since we're looking for
just Prime only items, I'm probably gonna go to
Amazon Launch Pad first. They've always got the hook up, they've always got the
latest products on there. Let's see what we've got for gadgets. Definitely a new page,
it's been a while since I've actually been back here. Okay, we've got some interesting stuff. Alright, a nice new iPhone 8
case, that selfie light one. I checked that video out. Basically, it's this iPhone case with a selfie light built in. Kind of cool. Wow, I think we made that thing popular, I don't even want to say
that, but I think we did. This Tile money clip is cool. It's a Tile tracker, you
know, that GPS tracker, but it also is a clip for your money. It's not revolutionary,
but it kind of makes sense, so I'm gonna add that to cart. Honestly, that sounds
like a really good idea. Putting a GPS tracker behind a wallet. I wish more of these existed, so I'm super stoked to check that out. Let's jump back over to Amazon Launch Pad and see what else we can find. IndieGoGo, okay, it's always good to see what's poppin' over there. A tree cam for your pet? What's that about? Dude, all these products are
great for future episodes. I need it Prime shipped. Oh, and they can Prime ship it. Let me know in the comments if
you guys want me to check out some more pet tech stuff. There's a lot of products
out there for it. Some cool stuff too. And my dogs will thank me, I mean. They're the real subscribers. They're the only ones dropping likes. So I'm looking at this
360 camera for the iPhone. It works on Android
devices and USBC devices. It looks sweet. It kind of looks like that Insta360 cam, that was like the first virtual
reality cam for an iPhone. I'll leave that video
up there in the iCart. Wow, I'm just plugging
left, right, and center. So 150 bucks, looks pretty cool. It works on all social media platforms. So Facebook, YouTube, Twitter. Man, I'm just excited
for this thing to come. It kind of looks like a puzzle piece. I don't know why I'm kinda getting that kind of feel from it. Plug, shoot, share. Looks really good. Wow, that looks so solid. This actually looks good. 360 degree video might actually happen. Alright, I'm now kind of getting
a little excited for that. Whoa, is the Boosted board on sale? Whoa, there's a Honey coupon? What? Honey! That's awesome! Y'all, I'm throwing this link down below. This is my favorite electric long board. I have so many of these. Wow, they have so many scooters on here. Alright, there's this one
hover board I'm looking for. The Segway miniLITE. 300 bucks, kind of expensive. Drop a like in this video,
if we hit 15,000 likes, I will give this away on the Instagram. Make sure you're following. It's just @techsmartt, super simple. I'll leave a link down below. If you need a link or you can't spell. I'm gonna grab this. If you guys hit it and I'll tweet a picture out the same day. So I'm gonna bookmark
that, if we hit the goal. Let's head back in and
actually find our third item. These lights look kinda cool. Basically, they're your
standard Christmas lights. I think it's a little past season, but they have speakers built in. So if you're one of those people who likes to decorate the room with lights, but you also want a speaker,
it kind of makes sense. It's a really simple product for 12 bucks. There's no coupons with Honey. ADD lights, is that five speakers? No, that is, four speakers? That's too many speakers. We're gonna add it to cart. I don't want the protection plan. Don't sell me that. If you already have lights
set up in your room, you can just swap that
strand for this strand. It's super versatile, really easy to use. Just plug in and play. It works with Bluetooth, it's that simple. Now let's look for the car, okay? We've got a GPS Aware, pretty much just a tracker for your car. I already have one of those. This is kind of cool. It's a parking sensor license plate. You put this on the frame of
your current license plate. If you have a Honda Civic or just a car that doesn't have these
features, this is kind of handy. Is there a camera on here too? "Upgrade any car on your
own with cutting edge "automotive parking sensor technology." I've checked out one with a camera, but for 150 bucks, if
it works, kinda cool. Let's find something good. I feel like this video has stepped it up. Each Impulse Buy we're getting
better and better products. Man, a speaker would
be cool to top it off. Just like a nice, cheap speaker. Okay, all right, here we go. $18 super small speaker. 12 hour play back time, basic
Bluetooth speaker, micro USB. It looks really loud in the photos. I know you can't convey
sound through a photo. So that's everything we have in cart. The total for all these
items and that bonus scooter if we hit the goal is 693 bucks. Let's hit place order and
wait for them to come. So everything finally showed
up except the speaker. I know it's Amazon, so
I'm gonna hit them up and get a replacement sent out. I don't know how it got lost, it's Amazon. The first thing we're
gonna be checking out is the Bluetooth speaker,
Christmasy string lights. I'll leave links down below if you guys want to check out anything in this video. So I think for like 17 bucks, we have lights and speakers built in. Let's take these out of the box. It feels like Christmas time. Do you guys ever get that
feeling where you just don't wanna celebrate a
holiday because it just passed? That's kind of how I'm feeling right now. Wow, we have a lot of lights. Wow, we have some serious
length on these lights. So there's just a simple
plug in right here. Plug that right on in, speakers fire on. Then you just connect it to
Bluetooth, really simple. Oh, you have an aux cord too? Dude, that aux cord. Pass the Christmas lights, that's what I'm saying this season. - There's just no
Christmas spirit anymore. - So it's super simple, you
just pretty much plug it in. You've got your speakers right here and then you hang the lights. They look pretty solid. I'm actually surprised
they're multicolored. I thought it was just gonna be one color. Then you have that aux cord if you want to plug your phone in. It's really cool. So why this is really awesome is when you have your
room all set up like this, you can actually fire on your phone. Bam, just like that, I'm
all connected to Bluetooth. Let's play a song and
test these speakers out. By having lights and
speakers mixed together, you're spreading them out around your room so you're kind of getting
that surround sound affect. We'll see. (guitar music) It's not too bad. (soft music) Yeah it does sound like a phone speaker. Connor, you're totally right, dude. Sounds like a phone speaker. If you put it in your mouth,
I think we've all done that. Drop a like if you've done
that, I know you have. You get a few of these around your room, you're pretty much set. Next up is the 360 cam. This is my personal favorite. I'm hoping it works out. It looks pretty good too. 150 bucks. How does one open this sorcery, huh? Oh, there we go, that's
how we open this sorcery. Wow, that is really small. It looks like a little
animal on your iPhone. Wow, I didn't know that Neo Pets was making iPhone accessories now. Whoa, is that a waterproof case? No, that's just a carrying case. That looked really cool. Micro USB cable to charge it. Pretty basic stuff, now to fire it up. Cool, so I'm recording a 360 degree video. This is pretty simple. It looks actually not too bad. I wish you could flip the screen. Whoa. Yo. This is pretty cool. So for item three, I'm
super jazzed about this one because it takes all the things of a Tile, which has a GPS tracker, it's slim, they have a really great app. It puts it in a wallet in
the form of a money clip. So let's open this up. Always looking to try out
some new wallet options. Wow, that is fat. I thought they were gonna put
the smaller Tile in there. No, they went for the big guns. Wow, check it. Check out the size of this guy here. Whew, so you put your money in this clip. The Tile is built in. No way, really? Really? Are they kidding me right now? No, you need to include your own Tile. That's kind of crap. That really sucks, I thought
the Tile was included. Am I missing something? No, I'm not missing anything. The only thing I'm missing is a Tile. Did I really just pay 60 bucks? Hold up, let me check that out. Let me pull that out
of my tracksuit jacket. So I'm on Amazon right now. This is really weird. I don't think I just paid 60
bucks for a piece of metal that I still need to put a Tile in. That turns it into like a
hundred dollar money clip. I can't be liable if I
lose something like that. Like, a hundred bucks, man? That's more than I got in my wallet. You're lucky, you're really lucky, sir. It's 18 bucks for the money clip. So that means I still
need to get a Tile slim. I think I have one. Well that kinda sucks, I thought I was getting a money clip
with the Tile built in. Turns out you have to supply your own. Turns out, joke's on them. Or actually, maybe joke's on
me 'cause I have a Tile sport and there's an adhesive
pad right behind here that you can stick your
Tile slim to, or any Tile. You guys know how this works. It's a money clip, I'm
gonna take some cash, put it right behind there. What else do I got? I'm gonna take this Bitcoin here, throw that right under the money clip. That's pretty solid. So if I ever lose my money clip, I can just jump on the Tile
app, which is on your phone, Android and iOS, and I can track it down. Hopefully the money's still there. Last, but not least, man, I really wish that
speaker had turned up. We have the parking sensor
license plate cover. Let's check this out. 150 bucks. If it does what it says can do, which detects if a car is behind me. I have a Honda Civic. Wow, that's actually a pretty nice box. I'm optimistic. Okay, so this is everything we get. The license plate itself is pretty clunky. I'm guessing those are the two sensors. That's the button, oh, this is what you put
on your steering wheel to dismiss it. Why do the batteries
say "nicer than yours?" They're all just batteries
at the end of the day. So once you have
everything out of the box, how you set this up is you
take these two batteries, you put them in the license plate. Then you go out to your
car, you screw this on, and then you just use their app. Attach this adhesive magnet to it and you can start telling
if cars are behind you. Go out to the car and try it. (beeps) Should start to light up here. 150 bucks. If this works, we're coming up to a wall. (long constant beep) We're gonna hit the wall. Oh wow, that's crazy, so the
closer you get to an object, the tone obviously changes from
beeping to a constant noise. And then you see fewer bars. Kind of crazy, let me see if
I can go back a little bit. Whoa. How close can we get? (long constant beep) Alright, that's too close,
I don't wanna chance it. See you guys, that's pretty
much it for this Impulse Buys. Make sure you guys hit subscribe so you don't miss another episode. Drop a like if you guys enjoyed it. Follow me on Instagram
if you guys don't wanna miss any behind the scenes
or any secret giveaways. Make sure we hit that goal,
'cause that scooter is yours. See you guys later, peace. 