- So, big thing you guys probably
are wondering is how does this thing do with crowds of
people. And as you guys see, it's absolutely crushing it. Hey what's up you guys? Keaton
here. So I'm sure you've seen a lot of Kickstarter and Indiegogo
projects, but I found one that's really cool and one
that I think is gonna actually change the game. So, you guys
know luggage, we all travel, it's important. And the problem
is, not everyone wants to carry it. So, this company
called Forward X. Hit me up. And they were like, "Dude, we got
this new autonomous luggage, self-driving luggage that
basically will follow you around anywhere you go at the airport."
And that sounds awesome! Check this. Whoo! Here we go.
Smart luggage. If you wanna check this out, I'll leave a
link down below, I probably should have said that earlier.
You guys know it by now, just get subscribed, it's
nothing new. And here it is. So decent box. So what I think's
pretty cool about the Ovis, I just got this thing out, it
looks nice. Like it looks like proper luggage I would want
to take around. You know, I'm this loud blonde kid and
the problem is, no one wants to really just see me in the
airport. I gotta be stealthy. So, I'm digging this. I'm
really digging this a lot. So, this is the front camera,
this tracks everything in front of you. Really cool
stuff behind this. I got something insane to show you,
just hold up, keep watching. And then these are kind
of like parking sensors. This luggage doesn't park
itself but it keeps track, in the more proximity sensors.
I think that's like, kinda the best way. I'm freaking out
about this, man. This is so sick. I wanna show you guys
how the whole self-driving autonomous luggage feature
actually works. So the camera on it, you can see, it
detects people. It finds you. It finds your eyes. You can
tell, check this. So as you can tell, this thing recognizes
humans ridiculously well. So when Josh came in, when I
came in, we both had pink dots on our eyes, kinda weird. That's
like pink eye. Blue dots on our skulls, and the rest is
the same. So it's looking for humans to find 'em, it's
gonna find 'em, it's gonna find home. So big thing you guys probably
are wondering is like, how does this thing do
with crowds of people? And as you guys see, it's
absolutely crushing it. It's going through everyone,
heads are actually turning. Check this out, she's
not even getting hit! This thing is smarter than a
dog. Literally, smarter than a dog. That luggage, we're
good! We're not gonna run into it. And I know it sounds
like I've just been saying amazing things, but it is
pretty cool. It's dead quiet, you won't even hear it, and
the coolest part is, it can go down hills. So let's just
say you gotta quickly go catch your flight. You can
just grab it, and drag it. It's as simple as regular
luggage again. At the top, we got our handle to obviously pull
it, like regular luggage. After all, this is still real
luggage! You can pull it if you want to. Now when you're
talking about self-driving autonomous luggage, there's
a lot of variables in play. There's so much going around,
your luggage is trying to move, it's trying to track
everything at the airport where your surroundings. So
there's another camera actually right on the handle, when
you want to pull this thing. If you wanna pull it like that
or just kinda keep it open, this actually tracks your legs.
So, it can kinda see where your legs are, what's in front
of you, where to position itself, really crazy stuff.
So I actually got two of these things with me. They're both
prototypes, so just keep that in mind, this might change a
little bit. But this is what you're gonna get. So when you're
dealing with smart luggage, the problem is, what happens
when it dies? When it's charged, it's great. You can
track it, you can charge your phone, you can do whatever you
want. Why this is cool, is, when it dies, these motors
switch off and you can pull this thing with the included
handle, it's why it's got one, after all it's gotta still be
luggage when you need it to be, and it's chill. Kind of
the same with Boosted Boards, when it dies you can sort of
push it, but it's not the same. This actually feels like the
same, I'll show you in a sec. And what's also sweet, is there
is a standard TSA approved mechanical lock out here, so
when it's charged you can keep it locked with your phone, when
it's dead, you've still got the old school method, you can open it. So earlier, I was telling
you guys about the big secret feature that's really
controversial, it's the removable batteries. So a lot of the
other luggage out there, you might have seen a few
years ago, that video I made seriously check it out, it's
so funny, we had like the greatest time in Hawaii.
Basically Bluesmart went bankrupt because they couldn't change
their design, their entire company was focused on this
luggage that had an integrated battery. And when I went
through TSA it literally looked like a bomb, so RIP Bluesmart,
gonna miss it. This is sweet though, and by the way on the
OVIS jump on that early bird pricing, starts at like $299
and it'll go up to like $349. It's pretty sweet, so this
is an 11,000 milliamp hour battery that is removable,
that's why it's a game-changer. Seriously this would be able
to charge your iPhone X up, like four times, your iPad,
you may be staying juiced, staying gassed. This is it, so
if you have to check your bag now you pull this out, you throw
it in your backpack or your purse and TSA isn't gonna
give you any problems, like they always do! Alright, so enough chit-chat,
let me show you what's inside this thing. Keep this out, this
is the Ovis, this is what's inside. Okay, it's luggage, I
know, don't get too excited. Basically you just put your
stuff in here that's how luggage works. (Sci-fi music) I like it because I really
appreciate this zipper, I appreciate it. Not every
suitcase gives you this optional zipper, it helps you separate
things really compartmentalize them, that's awesome!
I like my compartment-- my compartmentalization. There
we go, that was the word. Whoo! That was killer. So you
can fill this up, you've got straps here, I mean, it's a
carry-on so you're probably gonna be able to fit a few
day's worth of clothes. It's nice, some toiletries
you're set. Click it back together, you stand it up. You
don't even have to touch it. It's a wheel in itself and it's
driving itself. Now you were probably thinking earlier what
happens if my phone's dead, like the suitcase is charged
but the phone's dead, I know I can charge it but maybe I
don't want to. It actually comes with this included SmartBand
and what's cool is there's a smart alarm, so if you or your
luggage gets too far apart, it's gonna ring you on this
wristband and as you can tell now, it's not apart from me
it's right next to me, but this is a loud vibration. I
can feel this, this is not a phone vibration. This is gonna
tell you your luggage isn't close to you. So here's the
deal on the over-smart suitcase definitely pick it up, link's
down below. 300 bucks and you get this as an earlybird. I
was so skeptical on this but this is so real, so legit
I love this thing. It works perfectly. So if you guys
enjoyed this video, make sure to drop a like, get subscribed if
you're new. Click that circle button right here and subscribe
to my second channel for behind the scenes, the vlog.
That button's right here. Check out the last two videos
and I'll see you guys later. Peace! 