Hey, what's good guys keaton here, so I gotta be honest with you guys Last night, I got into some pretty shady stuff. I'm actually on the run right now That's why I'm in a Walmart parking lot. There's no one around me basically. We're at a Walmart right now What is known as a burner phone so basically when you do some shady stuff and you want to kind of get off the grid? You need a phone get me off the grid You don't need your regular smartphone what you need is a phone that can basically call people and text people and cost less than like Fifty dollars on average so we're gonna head into Walmart right now pick up a burner phone. Maybe there's some cases for it Hopefully stay off the grid with it I did this challenge with a one inch phone a super tiny phone for 24 hours if you guys missed that video I'll leave it right up there in the iCard Chase the car down I'm not actually in trouble by the way let's go We've been here so many times your past videos like I know this Walmart with my eyes closed they're making Oreo cereal now You're definitely gonna need this if you're on the run. Oh wow these are them Guys I didn't know I'd be buying a burner phone today Thanks guys, thanks guys so here are options for burner phones now I'm looking to spend less than 50 bucks the first option we got from Straight Talk It looks like it's straight fire am I right. It's 30 bucks for a ZTE Z233 VL. It's like your standard flip phone now back in my day. We didn't call these burner phones This was all had to use we got that I'm either reading this wrong. No. It's not a hundred Dollars that one's also $30 doesn't look as fancy as a straight fire one So we're gonna grab the ZTE to stay off the grid and just a side note every single manager in this building is standing Right over there. They just had a team meeting not doing the best to stay undercover. How do you know I'm not undercover, right now? Card got approved should have paid with cash though if I really wanted to stay off the grid Cash been a better move We got our burner phone. Let's set it up So we got the burner phone here and Heike, I am pretty stoked to check this out I heard battery life on these things is amazing compared to like all my iPhones Some of the specs 4G LTE you can send a text go on the internet There's a camera Wow quad core processor Bluetooth microSD What looks like it's like opening up an iPhone on iPhone day? Just in the parking lot of a Walmart on a random Thursday And the battery is not even in here look at how high quality that camera is And it flips up. What was the last time your smartphone flipped up you like my grandma checking out one of those jitterbug Everything about Jitter bug is simple Let me know in the comments by the way you guys have ever owned a flip phone or tried out a burner phone before headphone jack It's not a feature you see on every phone nowadays charge into the microUSB port. That's good Nothing like a nice jingle when you're on the run so for 35 bucks We get unlimited text talk data and 2 gigs of high-speed Internet Then it's super slow. It's really throttle three hours later. It. Looks pretty good. The phone doesn't feel super cheap We have a nice window that tells us the time,signal strength and battery life You don't get that on iPhones anymore and here are some of the features We got messaging,recent calls,a camera gallery to check out the photos Contacts It's a file manager alright. This phone's got a lot more features than I was anticipating. Let's use it for 24 hours starts now *music* All right so we were back from the studio now. It's 11.47. I want to grab some lunch Let's see what's around here. Well fire up the internet browser,punch into Google food near me and honestly right now I'm really starting to miss Poste mates GrubHub eat24 all these food apps that we take for granted I'm gonna have to Google this the old-fashioned way we're at Google now. Let's see if there's an in-and-out near us I'm feeling some in-and-out I'll take it a little bit, but we're getting there There we go wow that loaded rather quick some locations I'm not lost in, Texas I don't know where we got the idea that I know I'm not and it's not even touchscreen okay So we found the address for in and out I'm still pretty hungry We're gonna load up MapQuest and try to get step-by-step directions It seems like this phone is only given a straight facts since its Straight Talk and only loads old programs So I'm gonna boot up my myspace profile after this,somehow We got directions loaded up a MapQuest, so let's head to in and out right now. I felt so satisfying. Let's get some food *music* We made it to in and out the directions somehow got us here on MapQuest *keaton about to get serious* That took forever to get here, but we made it I want to check out one really cool feature on this flip phone, and it's the camera It's a two megapixel camera everyone takes pictures of their in and out that does not look that bad I'm just looking at the viewfinder, just put the shades back there too It's all about that Instagram aesthetic, go like this photo once it goes out by the way,no way there's a video mode on here too you can tweak white balance Oh boy,daylight What else can you tweak, ISO? This is supposed to be a burner phone not a DSLR camera, and it's quickly becoming one, all right Let's see if we can take video. I don't think we can take a video that doesn't look too promising No, that's just another photo. seriously I didn't think the camera on here. I mean it's 2 megapixels I didn't think it would actually look this good so we're still in and out I saw this really cute girl I'm gonna go ask her for her number. I know it's been a while, baby. All right hold on (mixtape scratches) Hey,can I get your number? You wanna throw it in?(flies away) aight, aight *music* The times 5.30 now we had some in and out, things are going pretty well actually enjoying the burner phone game. Now there's internet on here, so we're gonna try to send a tweet. I know this thing is internet service Hope we can pull this off Okay Please let me type this so I gotta use the t9 keyboard here, hit the letters a few times for the letter I want so hit that three times the eight again. There's a lot of T's in the word Twitter I forgot where the dot was zero no zero space. Oh, it's star beautiful. Okay. We got Twitter.com. It's actually loading up Can we log in and send a tweet? I'm just techsmartt as you guys are following me Go like this tweet if I can actually post it, enter username Typing on here, It's not that bad kind of a throwback I'm gonna say that about every phone with the style keyboard, alright password hold up after about five minutes I finally got the password typed in oh it's loading up the profile No way is that Attorney General Jeff Sessions? I don't want to see your profile picture of Attorney General Jeff Sessions Yes, Yes!! It's showing my profile The timeline,Austin Good vise What time to uh send off a tweet, I'm actually typing faster than I thought I'd be do you think there's emojis on your tile Definitely not okay if you can attach a photo I'm gonna lose it. well, I mean I'm gonna take a picture of myself It's loading it up Sure love it makes you guys you like to tweet if you see it once this video drops. We're gonna hit tweet Oh, baby there we go I just posted a tweet from a burner phone, wow we just did that. That took like 15 minutes I wonder how the call quality sounds Maybe it'll be good *music* Everything else has been really good on the burner phone the one thing I'm super skeptical on is the call quality is it good It's a bad cameras been great Internet's been great. Let's call my dad and see what he thinks all right We're giving him a call *voice mail* Thanks dad love you Voicemail Hey, yo dad it's your son Keaton Keller you should pick up the phone and next time We'll call Penn & Teller facebones bum bum all right. Love you dad. All right so when my dad doesn't pick up in emergencies I'm gonna call who I always call the plug Let's do it New phone who dis oh hi um, I don't actually want pizza. I'm just calling on a new phone I don't know if you guys can hear me all right *person on phone* yeah Okay all right, thank you so much. Have a good one,best thing is if they block my number it doesn't matter It's a burner phone, (laughs) *music* The burner phone has Surprisingly been amazing, but one thing. I really want to try out though is Is it indestructible so we're gonna drop it do a quick little drop test off like a three-story parking garage see if it can survive I Don't know *there goes the $30 dollars* So many cars All right now. Let's see did this phone still works. I don't think so Oh decent drop It comes the moment of truth well, I think it's turning back on the screen definitely took some damage This is gonna make the fun noise that it makes when it boots up. Oh Oh oh Wow phone still works Forty feet later seriously Wow I live my life forty feet at a time. I live my life a quarter miles at a time *music* It's almost at the end of the day I am so impressed by this burner phone 29 bucks gets you Internet a phone with the camera if you want to take some pictures of your friends, this awesome keyboard, solid battery life And I kind of just made this realization, but this thing's running Android like look at these icons. They look familiar They should because they're the same ones that Android devices use Because that's gonna do it for this video make sure you drop a like if you guys actually Enjoy this and get subscribed if you're new with notifications Turned on let me know in the comments if you guys are just joining the notice gang Make sure you follow me on the insta story. That's where it's always popping with the crew There's a new studio happening right now, so definitely check it out. We're behind the scenes. I'll see you guys later peace 