- Hey, what's up guys? Welcome back to Tech Smart
for another Apple video. Apple's done it again, but
this year it's different. They've never made a case like this. It's the battery case,
but it has one big trick. There's a secret button. So, the secret button iPhone case trick? I'm so upset, I'm gonna
need some sugar water. So yeah guys, right here are Apple's new Smart Battery cases, they go for $129. They are available for
all three new iPhone 11s. So, the 11, Pro, and then the Pro Max. Now, there is a new pink color, right here I just have the black and the white for the iPhone 11 Pro. The pink does only come for the Pros, so that's Apple's way of making sure if you want the new color, like, well, not this $60 piece of garbage
that's tearing, oh no, you're gonna have to make sure
you're getting the new phone. So all jokes aside, this is
Apple's Smart Battery Case, and you saw the title, you clicked it. What's new about it? Well, we're only gonna
check out the Pro one here, and vote up in the I-card
if this is something that's compelling enough for you. I really am interested just by this case because it has a button. That's right, a secret button. So what this is, is a shutter button that's now built into the case, unlike every iPhone before
where if you're just using the camera app, you're
probably used to the trick where you can just
click the volume buttons and that acts as your camera button. If you remember those
phones way back in the day that used to have a
dedicated camera button, those were cool, but the
cameras weren't all that great. So, now that this exists, and
if you're just not feeling like taking a video and having
your fingers in the shot, you can now spend $129 to make it happen. So I know I sound a
little critical of Apple's new Smart Battery Case,
and I always am gonna be. Really, price aside, I
like the battery cases where you can control the battery. When that recharges your phone, versus, well, like always,
when you install your phone in, slide it down, it instantly
starts to charge right up there, and then if I toggle
over here, Generic UPS. So, the battery case, and then you can see your iPhone's rig of the battery. So the only thing that's
really changed is the button. It's the only thing's
that's new, maybe one of the only reasons why
you might buy this case. Still lightening on the bottom. That would be so cool if it was USB-C. Apple, I'm just sayin',
if you wanna really get into the case market,
I'll Kickstart it for you. So when you pop open the camera, instead of just hitting
the volume buttons, you can now hit the shutter button and that does the exact same thing. So you might be thinking,
"okay, Apple's going "with the re-mappable, hackable button. "What could this be?" Well, since it's made by Apple, there's nothing new with it right now where you can customize this. Maybe have Siri if you hold it down. I'm gonna try to hold it down. Well, the only thing that
pops up is the camera app. So, that's a quick way to launch it. Now, if your phone's locked
and you hold it down, it does the exact same thing,
so, pretty cool and handy. So, as usual with the Smart Battery Case, you're getting around
50% more battery life respective towards
whatever device you have. So the only thing that really
is special and something you can't get with just
using the volume buttons, because their first job
is to do the volume. Their bonus job is to
do the shutter, okay? So here we go. The only way this works is
if you're in the camera app and you hit button, long press. And it goes right into quick take where you're instantly recording a video. So just catch that for a second. If I'm here, and I'm going in,
I just hold down that button. Hey, what's up guys? (Loud beeping) I think this actually makes sense. If you wanted to now do this,
you don't look all that dumb, because, previously,
you just start the video with the volume buttons,
you're fumbling it around. There's no grip and
that's what's kinda nice. I mean, same texture,
same feel, so if you've tried one of these out at
the Apple store or Best Buy, wherever you could find
one, there's nothing new. The only thing that's
new is this secret button that I think is kinda cool. So let me know in the
comments what you guys think about the new secret button
Apple Smart Battery Case. For $129, it's really up to you. This could be, with AirPods
Pro, the two holiday gifts you only get because they're expensive. Alright guys, that's
it for this quick video on Apple's brand new Smart Battery Case. If you guys liked it
and made it to the end, drop a like and get
subscribed if you're new, and, well, we'll just
catch you in the future. (him singing) (camera clicking) 