- Hey what's good guys! Welcome back to Tech Smart
for a video unlike any other. I've the Galaxy S10E here and I'm gonna switch to it
for an unknown amount of time. It's a big deal Lev. Roll the intro. (tech sounds) So yeah guys, this is a video I've been
wanting to make for a while. You guys know, we test out phones. Everyone tests out phones if
you're like a tech YouTuber. But honestly I haven't really
jumped into a Samsung phone, in a long time. I think it's been since
like the S6 maybe S5. Like real thorough. So with the S10E, the
new $750 Samsung phone, I mean it's got two cameras, finger print reader on
the side, 5.8 inch screen, it's packing snapdragon eight
55, USB-C, fast charging 2.0, wireless charging at that. And then you've got the iPhone XR, I love this thing, right now I'm using an iPhone
10 S max though, in fairness, so I'll be taking my sim card out of this and putting it in the S10E here, and really just enjoying it. Seeing what android is like in 2019. And actually my buddy
Everything Apple Pro, we call him Everything Samsung Pro, is switching to the S10 plus for, we don't know how long. So that video's up there in the I card, I'll leave the entire
playlist linked down below. And we're going in. (swipe) So we've got the sim
out of the 10S max here, and we're gonna put it in to the S10. I'm kinda excited, you got 6 giggs of RAM, eight 55 camera on the front, no notch. It's gonna be refreshing. Micro SD. You're basically set, and what's awesome about this is I'm going to get to use the galaxy buds, just really jump in to what
Samsung is doing for 2019, because it's pretty interesting. I mean seeing three
phones come out at launch, that's a first for Samsung. It's only right to take
the screen protector off. I've been waiting. It's got a nice size, it really feels kinda
like a powerful iPhone 10. That 5.8 inch display, I mean it's kinda like the iPhone 10S max. But Samsung is just
really jumping into it, I mean the S10 is the iPhone 10R size, it's 6.1 inches. And the S10 plus is 6.4 so, just a little smaller
than the iPhone 10S max. We got a button on the
side which isn't bad, you also have a face unlock so, got the best of both worlds. (swipe) Now that the sim card's in the S10, let's talk about what
I like about the iPhone and really just apple, what I'm gonna miss, and what I'm really
excited for on the S10. So really with the iPhone, what I like, I mean you have iMessage, I know I just lost a bet, Phillip Everything Apple Pro
didn't say it in his video, iMessage is kind of convenient, you get that valid just understanding, that someone's reaching out
to you that has an iPhone, and green bubbles kind
of put people at ease. I know it sounds pathetic but
think about it for a second, let me know in the comments if you agree, if you kinda get where I'm coming from. (swipe) That's another thing that I'm
kind of iffy on with iPhones, one of the things that I'm just tired of, apples always giving hour ratings and you have to almost
find the battery specs out from teardown sites. With the iPhone 10R
having a 6.1 inch screen, the battery size is only 29 hundred and 42 milliamp hours, compared to the S10 which has a 31 hundred
milliamp hour battery. So, it is slightly larger,
but then the 10S max has a 31 hundred milliamp hour battery so, you're definitely getting
more form for the function. And I did a drop test
with Everything Apple Pro, if you want to check that out, right up there in the I card. And basically stacked it
up against the iPhone 10R, and you can find out which
won but surprisingly, want to see how the S10E
does as a daily driver. (swipe) Another thing that I really
have liked about iPhones, and just iOS since pretty
much iOS 7 is the UI. It's pretty simple, there hasn't been a whole
lot that's really changed. I mean there's widgets here, color mode here or there, but with android it's gonna
just be a fresh start. I know I'm jumping in a touch wiz, but I'm kinda just tired
of this simplicity. I want something I can customize. Jailbreaks are cool but with the 10S max, there's not really one
out for it right now so, jumping into android 9 full force. And Ev with the galaxy buds, I'm excited to see what that's like. So while airbuds are cool and all, galaxy buds are cheaper, and if you pre-order
an S10 or an S10 plus, they come for free. I don't think that's
included with the S10E. You let me know in the
comments if that's the case. Ev the camera, 10 mega
pixel front facing camera. You know there's gonna be
a camera test coming soon. So make sure you keep it
locked to that playlist, with notifications turned on. Yeah, I mean, doesn't look all that bad. Then you have two cameras on the back, compared to three with the
S10 and then the S10 plus. A 12 megapixel wide angle, and then a 16 mega
pickle ultra wide camera. And another thing that's just kind of been a deal breaker for me, and it hasn't happened for that long, apple had the home button for a long time, but with the notch it's really only existed for two generations. And for me that's two
generations too long. With the infinity O display, yeah it's AMOLED on the S10E, but having that whole
punch camera in the front, it's 10 mega pickles, and Ev selfies look really good. Shutter's fast, and what I'm excited for is
the Instagram story integration and Samsung made a big deal
about that at the event and I wanna see if they fixed where your Instagram stories and
Snapchat's look like a potato, check TechSmart if you
want to keep it locked. I'll be testing this out for, I don't know how long, I just wanna go for it and see if there's really
ever switching back. I've tested out Andriod
phones kind of all my life, this channel's eight years old. (swipe) My first phone before I
even like got into phones, and created TechSmart, back in 2008 was the Google G1. I don't know how I got this, I paid all my money and
saved up everything for it, basically gave it to my
parents to got get a contract. Because to get this, I think you could buy
it outright back then. This is running Android 1.0. Google's first smartphone. And why I loved it was
the qwerty keyboard, so, Ev, draw to unlock. Yo, Everything Samsung Pro,
Everything Android Pro, what's the, what's the pattern? - I couldn't tell you, it's in my video. - (laughs) Uh I gotta go watch. (beep) and then from there, at age 10, I mean, yeah I'm 21 now, it's 2008, 2019, this is crazy, this phone
has come a long way, it's had offshoots into Xiaomi, Huawei, I mean look at one plus, there are so many phone
manufacturers out now, and this is kind of it, like this is started from the bottom, now we're here, and even before that, I was rocking a BlackBerry, like this was kind of the
fist phone to jump into it, then I switched to BlackBerry, this wasn't running android, but what this had was this crazy curser, so just kinda seeing the
customization that would come, and then the touch screen's
with the BlackBerry storm. - For me personally, the BlackBerry storm, was the original 3D touch phone, I don't know if you guys know about this, but back in the day, when
phones were so boring, you could actually physically
press into the screen, and have an action happen. That was cool, like this phone... - I was like force touch and 3D touch... - Yeah - Before it happened. - It was ahead of it's time, they were on to something but they failed. - Camera. - Even auto focus, like when
no phone's had auto focus. - Yup, dude. - This one did. Uh it was garbage though, like complete components
would break inside. The camera, the flash would stop working. Battery would need replacing all the time. They were onto something
but they missed the bar, but still, I remember
this thing fondly, like. - And even before that, what
if this was still the trend, using a wheel or like a button or a pearl? - Yeah - Like, the BlackBerry
pearl changed the game. I mean, phones used to be this big, and we were happy playing brick breaker. - This was bigger than apple - Like there was no mobile gaming. - Bigger than apple, like this was the
standard back in the day. And then apple came and wiped everyone. I legit remember all the games
your could install on these, there was such a third party
support for BlackBerry's, it was a lot of fun. - And then there was crack berry, like the own jail breaking community... - Oh is it? Yeah - Of BlackBerry, dude. - Java, java games. - (laughing) Java. - All those, so much fun, dude. I love this. - It was different. - Trip down memory lane. - It was different, how are you liking using the S10 plus? - Honestly (pained sound) It's so hard. - (laughing) - Like I haven't even
put my sim card in yet. I uh, I mean, I'm holding the iPhone
because my music's on it but, I'm doing it, slowly like
I, it's just (mumbles). - Transferring everything is a huge thing, that's like one thing I have yet to do, on the S10E, I'm starting that process now. Contacts, everything. - I just set it up to where
like the gestures make sense, animations... - What are your apps look like? - Better - Pretty basic, pretty basic,
not fully customized yet. - It is, it is! - It's fully customized? - That's like my flow, that's
what I use on a daily... - Audiobooks? I like it! - All the time, in this forest, walking. - Heck yeah dude, it's a perfect vibe. How, what's your favorite
feature on the S10 plus so far? - Definitely this,
every time I look at it, it's just like (sighs) just how futuristic it looks. Like, is that a feature? I guess you could call it that. - Compared to the iPhone 10R, 10S max? I'd say it is futuristic. I mean... - It's working out, how's your journey? Did you start yet? Putting it off? - Dude, dude, I'm still
using the iPhone 10S max, but, I'm getting everything set
up and transferred over now. (swipe) It's pretty crazy so I'm
excited to go to the S10E, I don't think it's gonnna be a bad switch, I think if anything, it's gonna be like I'm just back at home. (swipe) But really, I wanna see what's up in 2019, one thing I'm not gonna
miss though it animoji. I'm probably not gonna check out AR emoji, just cos that's not my cup a tea. Another reason why it's awesome is USB-C, Galaxy buds also take USB-C, and has the pass through
wireless charging, so when the buds die, I just lay it on the back of the phone and it charges right through, not something you get on the iPhone 10R or the 10S or the 10S max. So, that's just gravy,
it's super convenient. (swipe) Another great thing about Android is, being able to have the
functionality of buttons, so that's one thing I'm
excited to get into. And then the nav bar, you can customize it, you
could have em on screen, you can just have em there, so either they're reserved
or they just pop up. So you can really customize
the screen real estate. And one thing that's awesome is you can get rid of the hole
punch if you're not a fan of it, and add a black bar. So Samsung is really accommodating to you and what you want this year. And that's what I'm into, so let's check out YouTube, see how loud the speakers are, and kinda rap this up and then just get back
to making the videos. I just kinda wanted to make
this so I could fully announce, that I am switching to
the Samsung Galaxy S10E. (swipe) Alright so we're gonna play a quick video, see how it looks on the screen, just get used to what
reality is gonna be like for the next few weeks,
months, even years. We're gonna play some
Benley, Don't Wanna Bother U, just see how the speakers are. (Benley - Don't Wanna Bother U) Bass is nice, it's got a nice punch to it. Yeah I think just the first
few verses kinda describe my relationship with the iPhone, I don't know how I've
made it work for so long, but it's time for something new. (swipe) So that's it for this video, if you guys are new make
sure you drop a like, get subscribed and join
to become a member, it's super cheap, you get
some extra bonus content, make sure you hit it up on instagram, it's just TechSmart, and I'll catch you guys next time. 