- Hey what's good guys? Welcome back to TechSmartt
for another video. This one's really
interesting because it goes for $278 and from what I've read, it's a Macbook killer, but
we're gonna have to find out, after the intro. Roll it. (electronic whirring) If you wanna check this laptop out, I'll leave it linked down
below but what's interesting about this entire video and why I really wanted to check this out is the
backstory, of course, right? It's TechSmartt. So a few years back, I
made this video on a $600 Macbook copycat. I found a $600 Macbook knock-off. If you missed that it's
right up there in the I-card. That was the Xiaomi Mi Notebook Air and it goes for 525 bucks
and it had an Intel core M-processor, four gigs of
RAM, 128 gigs of storage, Windows 10. Basically it was a laptop,
and it looked really good. But in this video, I'm
checking out a new company that I've started to see pop up. No joke, I have started to
see this company name, Chuwi, which sounds an awful lot like Huawei. I don't know why, that's just
what's going off in my brain, and they got the LapBook SE. And why this is weird
is a Macbook copycat, or a Macbook killer,
whatever you wanna call it, they're even using the SE that Apple uses in the iPhone SE, so that's interesting. But when it comes to a budget computer, or really a Macbook killer, it's gotta have a few things. It needs to type well,
it needs to be able to watch videos on YouTube,
because that's basically all my life and um, more importantly, it needs to be able to play video games. Not just any, but Word of Warships, and big thanks to them
for sponsoring this video. At the end, we're gonna go check that out. We got a 13 inch screen
compared to the 12.5 inch screen on the $600 Macbook copycat video, so that's an upgrade. 1920 by 1080, which
should look pretty good. It's running Windows 10, it's got an Intel Gemini-Lake processor. Don't really trust the speeds on that. Four gigs of RAM and then
128 gigabytes of storage. Is it? No, what? 64 gigabytes. I swear, when I was
buying this, I check this the 128 gigabyte option. There is no way I did not check that. 64 gigabytes is hard to live with so I guess that's maybe why it's so cheap. Ev, we're just here to put
this to the test, aren't we? And vote up in the I-card if you guys would buy a laptop this
cheap if it was good. I feel like we're really close. We had budget smart
phones that took a while to get good, but now
they're pretty decent. You can get a really good
phone for under 400 bucks. This is interesting. And this is just the charging
cord, so, charging adapter. I will need another adapter 'cause I have, you think this is workin'? It's not workin'. So, here we go. The Chuwi LapBook SE. Let's see what this is about. Okay. So, we're fully started up on here and uh, the one thing I really
can tell is the keyboard and track pad are not into
me as much as I'm into it. It feels like it's just slightly off. Like a millimeter or two,
maybe like a centimeter. Even when you're just on the track pad, and this is plastic, by the way. Don't be expecting glass on $278, but because of that, it's just weird 'cause you naturally
think, I mean, on the 2018 Macbook Air at least,
that has a 13 inch screen, and yeah, is kind of expensive. Like, what, $1,200, Ev? Definitely not 278, but when
you compare the keyboards and the track pads, this
is definitely the standard. It's super buttery. So what I do like is the backlit keyboard and this LED bar here. It lets you know when you're laptop's on. So, let's play YouTube
videos and see how good they look, Ev, because
I don't know if I have a whole lot of hope in an
Intel Celeron processor. I mean, you got USB-3 port,
headphone jack which is really nice, AC power port, mini HDMI. And then on the right, micro SD card slot, headphone jack, and another USB-3. And what's sweet is on here, you have an M.2 SATA port
so basically you screw that thing off, you can add more storage. There's a webcam right at the top. Dang, it's not every day you see that. And the screen looks pretty good, but we'll find out when we
basically get this thing cookin', so we're gonna type a little
bit, see how the track pad is, then we're gonna jump on YouTube, finish it up with some
Spotify in the playlist and basically from
there, find out for $278, is this thing a Macbook Air killer? Let's start off this typing test. We'll go with a quick brown
fox jumps over the lazy dog. Okay. TechSmartt is a tech YouTube channel with 3.1, ooh, 3.1 million subscribers and that's it so maybe subscribe, plox. Not bad. I mean accuracy on this, you
guys can look for yourselves. I'm hittin' all the strokes and I'm also typing a
pretty decent WPM, so, did I just say WPM? Wuh-pum. Words per minute, you
know what I'm sayin'. And the second channel, if
you didn't know about this, YouTube.com/keaton. Boom. Both those linked down in the description if you wanna get subscribed
or you're already subscribed to both of 'em, because
you're just on top of it. So, with typing, I'd say it's pretty good. I was impressed a little
bit just at how weird the keyboard felt originally
but just how decent it is at the end of the day, and you have a full function row here. Power button. A little bit of side action. Home button and page up, down. It's not like you're
getting that on the Mac, but the Windows button, function, alt. I mean you're pretty much stacked on keys, and nothing's really cramped together, so you have nice spacing between each key, and I think that's why I'm
able to type better on this computer in particular
than the Macbook Air, especially the 2018
Macbook Pro, Macbook Air. They're just killin' me. Straight up, I'm typin'
double letters more than anyone and you let me know in the comments if you guys are doing that on those, or if it's just me. Maybe it's time to make the switch. Oh. Wait, you're telling me this entire time it lit up on the back
and you said nothing? What? Really? This is actually pretty cool. Not even the Macbooks do this. They got rid of that
because they like the money. So we're going on YouTube now. Ev, I think we got a pretty solid laptop. We'll read your comments after this video and see what you think, but, maybe? I don't know, maybe,
this could be a thing. It said it had DDR4 RAM in here, I mean, four gigs of RAM, you think
it could handle just typing and it's not the hotspot. We are not saying that's the thing here. It's a little slow on just keepin' up, so, we'll watch the latest video. Three AirPod tricks you should know. If you guys missed that,
right up there in the I-card. You guys loved it. Big thanks on the other one too. Let's see if this loads 1080p. Yeah, it's distorting a little bit and, I wanna see if we're at 720 or, we're at straight up 1080. I'm sure you guys can see
it from the overhead, but, even just looking at the picture here, it looks ever so slightly
just not crystal clear. And I mean 1920 by 1080
display, you guys would think, 1080p, that's not
anything new so it should be able to handle it. Let's go to maybe a different video. $99 fake iPhone XR, How Bad Is It? It's actually not super bad. This is hard to tell. Does it look better? I would say this video
looks better on here. Maybe we just messed up on the other one. YouTube seems to be hanging
out pretty well on here. Maybe it's just the TechSmartt channel. I don't know, I'm done talkin'
and inflatin' my own ego. So let's try it out
with Spotify and see how these speakers really are. What volume are we at? Oh we were at 100% there? Could be a deal breaker. No joke, that looks a little distorted. Could be the screen showing on the camera and it's not looking super good, but no, it actually looks like it's blurry. Ev, get a close up on that for me. It just looks, I don't know,
somethin's off about it. Just go listen to the playlist,
link in the description while this takes forever to download. Your phone's probably
faster than this computer. So we got Spotify pulled
up and big thank you guys for 7,500 followers on
the PBJams playlist. That's just amazing. Never thought we'd get 7,500 or 10,000 so maybe we can hit that, but
here's Bentley's Divinity. Let's see how these speakers sound. I like the computer. But this could be a deal breaker. All right, it's not too bad. I mean, it's pretty tinny. It sounds like a phone in a cup, but other than that, I
mean, it's not the worst pair of speakers on a laptop that's $278. So the last test is
actually gonna be a game. Big thanks to World of
Warships for actually sponsoring this video. If you guys wanna check it
out, link in the description and make sure to use
code ACTIONSTATIONS2019 for 240 doubloons, a million credits, three days premium time,
you know what it is, Ev. Big thanks to them for
supporting the channel so definitely make sure
you guys check it out. They have a Mac and PC
version so this is more of the thinking man's action game. You actually get to play
as battle ships, cruisers, destroyers, and you get to
use ships from real history so the USS Missouri,
Arizona, German Bismarck. There's a lot of ships, Ev. What's crazy is it's a little
large of a file to download so keep that in mind. We might not have had
internet for three days but that didn't stop us, and
if you guys wanna add me it's just TechSmartt, you guys know. I don't always play games,
and that's why you don't always see sponsors but when
I do, it's something I like. The game is running, here we go. So with this laptop only
having four gigabytes of RAM and a processor that's basically a potato, and I think that's fair to say here. So I'm trying to figure
out, will this even be able to load anything outside
of a YouTube video, maybe Spotify? If you're trying to watch a movie on here and it's Netflix, you
better make sure your Internet's really good
'cause I don't think this laptop can do it. Game looks really good
on the 1080p screen, but man this laptop is having
a hard time hanging in. It's all about thinking and strategy so don't think this game's just
gonna be a walk in the park. You actually gotta think, and if you're smart,
you're probably gonna win. I hope I can survive, even
with a cheap laptop like this. Take this ship out, there we go. Boom, let's destroy it. Team work makes the dream
work in the seas, Ev. Oh I wanted the big kill shot. Movie kill shot, a movie kill shot. I think that's it. Of course that's it. The team got the W. Dude, you know what it is. Link down in the description, ACTIONSTATION2019, get
your million credits, 250 doubloons, and three
days of premium time. So (laughs) I think I gotta say, is the $279 Chuwi LapBook SE, Macbook Air killer,
whatever you wanna call it, really a killer or something
you should check out? Maybe, but I'm gonna say no. For 278 bucks, I think
the next generation's gonna be way better. It did hold up pretty well, though. I mean World of Warships,
Spotify, YouTube, 1080p screen, it's pretty
thin, pretty light, decent battery life. I was pretty impressed, so,
that's it for this video. If you guys liked it,
make sure to drop a like. It took two days to make, and make sure you guys hit subscribe if you're new. Follow on the Insta story,
it's just TechSmartt, and check out the video after this. See you guys next time. (upbeat pop music) 