- Hey, what's up, guys,
welcome back to TechSmartt for a very different video, one that I did not expect to make. At least with what's going on. Right in front of me is
the brand new Pixel 4 XL, this guy just came out, it's
a brand new phone from Google and you shouldn't buy it. The Pixel 4 XL sucks. So the Pixel 4 XL, this phone has been a hype machine, a controversy, whatever you really want to sum it up as I don't agree with how
this phone was released. Like, most phones, you
know, you have your invite, people get excited, sometimes
there's some parts that leak and boom, it hits, it
drops, we're excited, you like it, you don't,
shut up take my money, or you just run away. That's how this should work, right? No, Google decided to say, here's the phone four months early, posted a picture on the official accounts with the Pixel 4 four months early. So, get excited or not? So aside from that we
now have the Pixel 4 XL, there's three colors, your black, your white, and this orange. I really like the orange because GMG, it's kind of different and
it's not really an orange, it's more of like a salmon. And if you can think of the
iPhone 10R's coral color I think this is the most similar but it's very nice and I
really like what they did because it just, it
feels softer to the touch then really any other pixel device before. And I was a huge huge fan of the Pixel 3, the Pixel 3 XL, get that out of here. This is the Pixel done right, or is it? All right, now it's time to tell you why you shouldn't buy the Pixel 4 or really the Pixel 4 XL. Here we go, and let me
know in the comments what you guys feel about this phone. I feel like I just gotta ask
you, you're watching this. First reason is, this is the main thing. Google is saying the new Pixel 4 has a 90 Hertz refresh rate. Well, it's now starting to come out that the 90 Hertz refresh
rate really only triggers when you're in extreme sunlight
or lighting conditions. So is it really 90 Hertz,
sure by manufacturer it is. But is it always 90 Hertz? The news done broke! And on top of that,
the screen really isn't that bright when you go outside
compared to other phones and when you're spending 799 or $899, it's not as expensive as
like the iPhone 11 Pro or the iPhone 11 Pro Max
or other phones out there, that's not the only one that exists. When you spending that kind of cash you would at least hope the screen would be enough when you
happen to step outside into the other half of the world. You had one job. Oh, there it is, Face Unlock. So with the Pixel 4 Face
Unlock is really a big feature Google is promoting and I kind of like it but there's of course a problem. So with your iPhone, your Samsung device, face recognition, Face
Unlock, whatever they call it, it's a thing, scans your face. But with the Pixel 4 you
turn it on, it cues the lock, you point it at your face and it unlocks. But what happens if you're sleeping and let's say things are
getting a little spicy, your partner doesn't trust you and, well, they hold your phone up to your face while you're
sleeping, should it work? Do your eyes get detected? Let's find out. You saw it. Let's do it again. Maybe, just maybe, it was the force. Okay, Ev, are my eyes closed? - [Ev] They are closed. - Here we go. Did I open my eyes, Ev?
- You did not. - See the problem? Maybe, just maybe, there's
gonna be a software update later down the line but for $799, well $899 if
you get the 64 gigabyte model, that's another problem, what year is it? That's just a big oopsie. People hold phones up to
faces when people sleep if they can, thanks, Google. Now, oh my, are you serious, here we go. You know, every other phone
company, every other OEM, is pretty conscious of expandable storage. The micro SD card, it is truly a blessing. Regardless if it's in your phone or not you might know about expandable storage. Well then here's the Pixel 4. So, for $799 you get the Pixel 4. For $899 you get the Pixel 4 XL and that starts at 64 gigabytes. Really? You want to bump it up, a little little? 128 gigabytes, that's the max. Okay, you wanna take photos? Yeah, you know, the Pixel
4 is known for its camera. Now you have to pay Google for
the original photo quality. You might've heard the
sirens, I'll say it again. It should be a crime. You now have to pay for
the original photo quality off the phone you purchased outright on Google Photos. Just take me away, take me
away occifer, I cannot be here. Why, Google, come on, really? I mean, I know it's TechSmartt and I know the comments are Apple fanboy but I really, really love my Galaxy Fold. This? This is just letting me down. How do I even buy this and try this. Best Buy wants $45 to restock it. And that's just a whole nother thing. You see why the Pixel 4 XL,
really just Pixel 4 sucks. Oh, you don't? How about battery life? Well battery life on the
Pixel 4 XL is horrible but even worse on the Pixel
4 because it's not as big, the battery size isn't as big either and this is coming from someone that's used this phone for about a week. Didn't go to the Pixel
4 event, was traveling, got it sent a little early so was able to actually
play around with this one and I really like the software. Android 10's a banger. The problem is when you have
a battery life that sucks, a display that doesn't get
bright when you go outside, you having to pay for the
original photo quality in Google Photos, that's Google. Throwin' my ranty panties
away for a minute, I was gonna say five, just a minute, this phone is not that good, and let's talk about some of
the new stuff on the Pixel 4. Well, I have an iPhone
11 screen protector. actually an iPhone 11
Pro Max screen protector. Looks perfect, it's just
meant for this phone. It's just something kind
of interesting I found out. On the back you have what
looks to be a square camera. So how many cameras are there? Three is the new trend this year. Sorry, someone messaged me. Wait, this just in. All right, wait, wait, no. You're telling me it looks square? The iPhone 11 Pro also looks square. We're gonna put two though, we're gonna make it look
square so, you know, no one can really see if
there's a third camera but don't worry, don't worry,
you got the orange phone. Doesn't really add that much attention. You're not buying this for an extra hole. What you are buying this
for is for a good camera and there's no telephoto lens on here but when I've done a side
by side photo comparison the Pixel 4 XL and the iPhone 11 Pro Max, at night, in the daytime, just to see what difference
there is in the processing. I really, really like both images. If I had to go with one I'm gonna go with the Pixel 4 XL all day but both color temperatures look great. It's really up to you, you know this, you have all control, you're
the one spending the money. You can't go wrong if you're deciding, hey, do I get the iPhone 11 Pro Max or the Pixel 4 XL just for the cameras? Your shots gonna look good, you're gonna be able to see
some new stuff at night. With detail. That doesn't suck. And you're thinking, wow, maybe
the Pixel 4 and Pixel 4 XL are kind of good phones,
stop being so mean. Gotcha. The maximum video
resolution you can capture is 4k at 30 frames per second. So no 4k at 24 frames or even 60 frames. You can still do 1080p at 60
frames if you're a video junkie and you just don't want to get risky. But the reason Google said
they couldn't offer 4k at 24 or 60 frames per second, a feature in a lot of
other high-end phones, is 'cause there wasn't enough storage. Are you serious, Google? Not enough storage? Oh, really? Um, hmm, is this your
first time making a phone? Oh, it's not? The customers, the fans, the people, that read the tweet four months early, don't want to buy a phone next year and won't really give
the time of day to care. I really, really was looking
forward to the Pixel 4 but this is a letdown. Doesn't just suck, it's
a straight-up letdown. Now Android 10 is pretty good. Some of the features on the Pixel 4 like Project Soli where,
let's just fire up Google Play Music and, you know, I haven't really checked out the phone or showed you guys much, I'm sure you can go find
another video on YouTube already where it's inside the hype machine but. ("Here Me Calling" by Juice WRLD) Just by waving your hand over the phone you can go ahead and
change the song, go back, it's kind of a beta feature if you ask me, more of a gimmick. And we all kind of know
how this is worked out for LG on their phones when you hold your fists
up to take a selfie. Do I need to say more, I don't. Pixel 4 and the Pixel 4
XL, don't buy it, it sucks, pass on this phone, catch it in 2020 when you can probably
buy this at half price or maybe even a third of
what it's retailing for. I'm really sorry that this
sucked, you guys deserve better. Google, do better, don't
post a Tweet next year or if you do get in the
rhythm of the, haha, gotcha. And maybe not do that
on April Fool's either. I don't want to say
stop while you're ahead but Android 10's really good. So that's really it for this video, hope you guys enjoyed
a little quick hot take on why you should never
get near the Pixel 4. It's basically a virus. If you guys liked it
make sure to drop a like, let me know how you feel about
this phone in the comments and subscribe if you're new and I'll catch you guys in the next one. 