- Hey, what's up guys? Welcome back to TechSmartt for another episode of "WishBusters". This one is the second to last episode, and a very special one because it's "WishBusters" dollar edition. Oh we're going real broke now. (air whooshing) But, in this episode we are checking out $1 products on Wish. And as you know shipping could be anywhere in the fluctuation of pricing. It really depends, whatever
they're feeling like. But what we do is we buy
and try items here on Wish. This video is actually sponsored by VIZIO and their new 75 inch P-Series line. So what's cool about this,
and I'm gonna turn it on, is it actually allows for really
seamless AirPlay streaming. And it also supports Apple HomeKit. So, you can turn on voice
commands to turn the TV on or off, or to play a specific
song or a certain movie. It comes with 4K HDR with Dolby Vision, so, let's turn this bad boy on. Hey Siri, turn on living room TV. Perfect. You can see AirPlay cues right on up. So, what we're gonna do is
mirror the laptop with AirPlay and just like that, you can see everything that I usually buy on
my laptop back there. So, how Wish works is we buy the products, then when they come eventually, sometimes they take three weeks, we rate them on a scale of one to five, and we give them a Wish, that's good, or a Dish, which is bad. But in this video, since this
is the second to last episode in season two, we're doing
it a little out of order. And you let me know in the comments how you want season three to look. What type of episodes you
want, the ideas, the format. You guys are gonna be
watching this for a long time, it doesn't look like
Wish is going anywhere, and there's a lot of
new websites coming out with similar types of formats. So, since we did it first,
we're gonna do more of it. So, in this video, things
kinda came out of order. All the products actually did show up. They took about three weeks
and they're all in cart. But unlike most episodes, where I kind of focus on the reviews because let's just take a look at a random product that's 50 cents. There's a ton of reviews. So, I wanna get into the reviews. And with the new 75 inch P-Series, I wanna zoom in, see how good the whites
and the blacks look, see how good the detail looks, because VIZIZO's today's
sponsor, let's check them out. And if you wanna check out
the new 75-inch P-Series, link down in the description. All right, enough talking and explaining. You've probably been subscribed,
you know how this works. Let's see what we can
find or already found. Since we got a 75 incher
that we just reeled on in, I'm over here for a reason. So, first thing we're checking out is the base stereo hook headphones. 3.5 millimeter in-ear earphones
headset earbuds with mic. So, mostly everything's for a dollar. I no longer say in the
description you can check it out, but if you wanna act fast, go on Wish right after this video, usually all the prices rise. But, let's see what people say. I'm gonna say it once so we all know it and I don't have to repeat myself. The whites with the black text, I'm not just saying it
'cause they're a sponsor, or because it's a 75-inch TV. So, I will get the old magnifying glass up and I'm gonna see. You can see the pixels up close, but if you're sitting
back like a normal human and you're watching some Netflix,
you're watching some Hulu, whatever show you're watching,
this looks really good. So Khai says, "Perfect, arrived early." Carole, "Received two weeks early, haven't had a chance to try them yet." So you give it a four star Carole? How dare you. Jennifer, five stars. "It came so early,
thanks, I really like it." And Paul, "Excellent sound
quality for the cost", four star. Maybe it sounds good, maybe it doesn't, that's why we have wish or dish here on "WishBusters". I'm not gonna add it to the cart 'cause you know we already have it. But for a dollar, how
many colors can you pick? Four? Am I reading that right? 692 people bought this. Okay. Next up for item two is
a silicone AirPods case. So for $1.68, we're
getting really specific. You can pick a few colors and over 3779 people have purchased this. Ashley, four stars, "Love the color! Waiting on the earbuds
to see if they", what? What? What's in this photo, ear buds? Love the color, waiting on the AirPods to see if it will fit. Iridia, "Fits perfect,
such a silicone case and came a week earlier,
definitely recommend." "It's nice and gets the
job done for a dollar, you can't beat it!" How does the color look? We got a nice multicolor image. On the TV, kinda just
reminds me of spring. If you we're going to church and you saw a really nice spring dress. Final review, Sophie. "Fits perfectly and has a clasp included", and that's a five star. So, we got it. All right, keeping the
colors going for item three. We got a dollar iPhone case. Seems like it supports Samsung Galaxy S, everything up to the S10. Nice colors. I mean, everything looks
really, really good. Actually a nice, honest
listing for a dollar. How much is shipping? 4500 people bought this, and chose to review it. $2 shipping. Azul, "Very nice, came
in early", five star. Jee, "Love it, not a very
a good protective case if that's what you're looking for. But the color is pretty." That's life for you, Jee. Grace, "Its fit's perfectly, when I showed it to
everyone, they wanted one." Well, you can tell this one's a hit at the elementary schools. Ellie, "Perfect and arrived early." For a dollar, can't go wrong. Colors, colors look good. You can tell that's a gold
iPhone, I wanna say six maybe 6s. For a dollar. Donna, "Works well for my
daughter, looks so cute." Okay, Elizabeth, "It came before
the date and it's amazing." That's a four star from a month ago. Emmy, "It's a really good product. The quality was good, but wasn't
amazing, would recommend." (sighs) So, what are you trying to tell me? That's a mixed signal, as we like say on the Wish streets. What does that mean? "But, wasn't amazing, would recommend." That's a four star, sounds like you would recommend it there, Emmy. Sounds like you would. Item five, okay so,
little bit more practical. $1.75 okay, get a few
colors, a few devices. That's just not for
phones, it's multipurpose. 4200 people took the chance to review this for four and a half star overall. Kelsey, "Works great, love having my phone able to sit up", five star. "Item arrived earlier than expected. Be careful and make sure it's level." (sighs) Measuring? There's another step to this? "Once it's there, it's there." So, that's adhesive, it's
good that it's strong. Patricia, "Works great,
used it for remotes." This sounds like a really review. "No longer trying to figure out where the remotes are in bed." See, she's got a little humor. For $1.75, no regrets. Something that's free. I'm sure this was a dollar at one point. This is our fifth time trying
to to record episode eight. Let's just say our
neighbors are really noisy and they make music. Man, I feel like a dad saying that. Like, they make music. Double unit in-ear earphone
bass subwoofer stee, ster, what? Stereo earphones with microphone support running earbuds for Apple phone Xiaomi. "Voice is clear, bass is
good more than expected." I love when it's good more than expected. Harry, "From the outside
looks a bit cheap, but the sound is really incredible." Actually, I'm kind of
interested to try these. With item seven, for
free, it's a mousepad! 20 reviews, pick a color, any color. Only four colors. And what are the people saying? No one wrote a review. If I hit show more, what
am I gonna find out? Actually, Wish's website
is just not working today. "Just as described", says Kenny. Andrea, "Arrivato in
anticipo, buon prodotto." It arrived early and was a good product. I took Italian in high
school for four years. Profe, I'm so sorry. If you don't use it, you lose it. I lost it. And for product number eight. $1.81 for two in one
adaptor for the iPhone 7, basically any iPhone
with a lightning port, so, anything past the 4s. No one wrote a review. There's five colors. Checkin' on some photos. Which sick photo and
mastermind uses an iPhone 10 and then just says, "We're gonna take off the contact points on
the lightning cable." Look how good this TV looks. And what, what, what are these? Dual jack aux. Where's the aux? Does this look like an aux to you? Unbelievable. Grand total in this episode, $26. Let's check these out. All right so, up first, item one here. Let's see what we got. We have the phone stand. So, and this adhesive pad goes on the back so you can stick it anywhere. I think it's as simple as it sounds if we can get the adhesive working. I'm having to, what is, rip the adhesive just to get any kind of edge
or angle on the white paper. You basically just put this anywhere. I'm gonna put it right here, drop it down. (TV static) How did we go from, drop
it like it's hot, to that? So, I think it's pretty safe to say with the dollar adhesive phone mount, with a little bit of humidity,
I dunno if this would work. But, for a dollar, it's not bad. No, for sure, for sure. It can only hold your phone one way. Next up for item number
two, we have the headphones. So, these have common hook design. So, if you were to take these to the gym, yeah, no, for sure, they're
gonna stay in your ears. There's no questions about that. Well, just like that, I mean. I think, for a dollar, these
things are pretty durable. They fit in the ear not bad at all. 3.5 millimeter headphone jack,
so what you are gonna need is your handy dandy
lightning to 3.5 adaptor, and then, well, all that's
really left your you to do is find something to plug it into. I really wanna see how these sound, so we're gonna do "Intro"
by DaBaby, and also. (high pitch tone) Hear that? I don't know why, but for some reason, you hear that Ev, right? Ev hears it, I hear it, I
have yet to play the song, and it's making a really high pitch noise. I have to actually unplug
it to make the horror stop. ♪ I've got the number one record,
they acknowledged the jit ♪ I will say, Intro by
DaBaby, on $1 headphones. Would I listen to this song
and probably this album for its entirety with what are better than airplane free headphones? Yes. Would I listen to this album twice over with these headphones? No. I'm gonna give these guys a four. They're good, they're not amazing. They're better than the free option you're normally just
given and they are a wish. Let's see what we got. (plastic crinkling) No. Really? (TV static) All right, item number four is hopefully something that
is not a phone stand. I just, I just like throwing
the packages around. We have the microphone. So, this is a 3.5
millimeter jack microphone. Pretty basic if your phone
still has a headphone jack and you still get the
3.5 millimeter input. So, you could technically monitor how the audio's sounding if you wanted. Kinda cool, nice they add this in there. So, here we go, my big performance. So, you can see, it's actually the microphone
picking up the input. This is the test of all tests. We are here to test out if
a dollar, put to the test, can make a pop star, not a
rock star, but a pop star. All right, item five, but
really item four is a clear. At a dollar, if this is
all you're gettin', man. So, I found a pair of AirPod
2s, put 'em in the case. If you really wanna know
where TechSmartt's going and where "WishBusters"
season three is headed, it's none of this, you know, $1 stuff. The AirPods case, surprisingly,
is a case with a carabineer and it protects your AirPods. So, it's probably gonna help if you have a problem losing these. I'm on my 40th pair, I have
found three pairs recently, so now on pair 37, but
the problem still remains. Is this AirPods case for a
dollar, a wish or a dish? I'm giving it a four, it's a wish. It works, it's cheap. On to item number six. Nope, it's the same microphone as the one we just checked out. To my knowledge, we're really
only on item number four. Technically, item six. We're just gonna correct it
and just call it item seven. We have... an iPhone... 10? Got the iPhone XS Max here. If you own one of the Apple
cases, that you probably paid, I mean, doesn't matter how
much you paid, you over paid. Get lost. We're trying out the dollar iPhone case. So, let's throw this in. And, just like that, it's as simple as you
would think it would be. It's a basic salmon iPhone XS Max case. But, for a dollar, I mean,
this isn't a bad option. Stylish, I think that's to be determined. It's really up to you. Let me know in the
comments if you think this, in any color that you could
find, would be stylish. And yeah, scale of one to five, giving it a five, it's a wish. It's the mousepad. So, we got it in GMG orange. I kinda mess with the
orange, for a dollar. You can pick this up in
any color which isn't bad if your measuring the
benefits versus the value. It's basic mousepad. If this is a cheap mousepad you
need, it's got a wrist guard so, it's better than nothing and I think that the
biggest thing I'm gonna say. This mousepad is better than nothing. So, I just always keep a Razer
DeathAdder between my legs. For a dollar, I don't even need to show you Apex Legends or Fortnite. Scale of one to five, I'm
gonna say it's a give. I dunno why I hold up the mouse. This is a five, it's a wish. Item number eight is, am I bleeding? I'm actually bleeding. (TV static) See what we got, without
cutting open our thumb. Another pair of earbuds. So, we have a pair of earbuds with 3.5 millimeter tip, pretty basic. Really interesting looking design. You have my right thumb,
which is bleeding, but that accent the detail. The ear tip, what is
basically just a clear earbud, that I am hoping, I am really hoping sounds better than the first pair. We're gonna go with
something a little lighter. A little house musicy,
some Armin van Burren, "Don't Let Me Go". Instantly, instantly better. Here comes the bass drop (upbeat bouncy music) Whoa! (TV static) These earphones, not headphones,
earphones are delightful. Like, am I at 100% volume? I am. Zero to five, giving it a five. Is it a wish or is it a dish? It's a wish. Buy these earphones. So, last but not least is product, item, whatever you wanna call it, number nine. It's a little guy. It is the lightning to
lightning lightning splitter. So, if you only have one
lightning port on your phone. Well, now you have two. Does this work, Ev what do you think? No, Ev says not a chance on
this green earth does this work. We have our amazing headphones. We're gonna plug those into the headphone side, with the adaptor. Geez, that's the hardest thing to plug in. We're gonna plug in our charge cable and the main thing that I wanna see is the iPhone XS Max charge. Well, it did the first thing, it charged. So, let's see if we can
back to our jam session of full volume, all the bass. Yes! Phone is still charging, we're jamming. A wish or dish? Total five, absolute
wish, you should buy this. All right, so that's gonna do it for "WishBusters" episode
number eight, the $1 edition. Hope you guys enjoyed it. Make sure the vote up in the icon what your favorite
product was in this video. If I had to pick, I'm giving it to the world class dollar earphones. Really, the best earbuds in the game. I have never been so
surprised by something that you probably wouldn't
consider buying unless someone, like myself, told you to check it out. So, that's gonna do it for this video. If you guys are new,
make sure you subscribe so you don't miss another
episode of "WishBusters" and make sure you drop a like
if you guys want more videos. Let us know in the
comments what you wanna see for season three and
check it out on Instagram. It's just @techsmartt
if you ever wanna see some behind the scenes, see me traveling, all the other stuff and I'll
catch you guys next time. 