So you guys know that the holiday season is here, And unlike most videos that I've been seeing, a lot of these gadget gift guides They're oriented towards like gadgets you'd get your family under a certain price, for the holidays. What I wanted to do is challenge Myself to find four different tech gadgets that are literally Christmas and holiday themed Exclusively. Got some ornaments, some stockings, some ugly Christmas sweaters. Let's get lit. So up first is something kind of interesting I'm gonna put these away so Santa has a little bit of the goodies to show you guys This is an ugly Christmas sweater. If you guys want to check out anything mentioned in this video I'll leave it linked down below. This really caught my eye Just because I see a lot of these ugly Christmas sweaters, but none are really tech centric That's what I'm looking for that's what gets me up on Christmas morning, so pretty much It is just your average ugly Christmas sweater. So how this goes down is when you throw it on your body you also need to have a phone They have an iOS and an Android app it's super easy to download and basically from there You just fire up the Morphe Digital app, you select the type of Christmas sweater We have here so, the ugly Christmas sweater And then once it loads up you have this customizable interface that lets you put a little something-something on your Christmas sweater So we'll put peaking Santa on here, play animation, select the brightness, and there's music, Ohh Goody, we got some tunes One of the other items is playing this is the speaker ornament woah that's ridiculously loud Geez All right, we'll check these out in a second The ornaments are mad loud, was not expecting them to be that loud. So basically you can customize and zoom in and out on your peeping Santa's eye. But I don't know I kind of feel a little weird about having Santa peek through my shirt, So we're just gonna put it on the fireplace one, cracking fireplace sounds good with me Just like that you got a fireplace on your shirt that actually, looks pretty sweet. You go to an ugly Christmas sweater party You're gonna be the hit this year And you get to wear it on your body, like how dope is that? Lets try it on I'll see how warm this thing is, Phone actually stays in the hole pretty nice. It's pretty nice and secure whoa you know I'm staying warm cuz I got a fireplace as my sweater, gotta love Santa. Now this seems pretty neat I'm not gonna lie, like, this is so jokes like this is so jokes! alright Let's just see what else they got. I'm curious now. Why do you got some man's eyeballs right here on the phone? I'm just gonna put a single Eye, who recorded this? Like which person Had to just put their eye up to a camera to get this animation? Just gonna tuck that on in, oh my god Oh, my goodness. We got someone's eye Just looking around at this Christmas party. Hey, what's good? Eh? All right, whoa whee all right Wow this holiday sweater party. It's been sick. Oh Yeah, whoa, we almost dropped it. I almost dropped it. Hey Yeah, it really is an iPhone Oh, that was actually good. Next up, and the sweater kind of spoiled this cuz I already had it connected in my phone But it's two ornaments for 30 bucks, pretty good deal If you ask me, that has speakers built into them, so these are Bluetooth speakers They sound pretty good from that quick little failed demo test right there But let's actually see these. Wow Wow nothing like two balls in my hands like these just feel Actually pretty solid these look like Christmas ornaments like they weren't joking! throw those on the Christmas tree Get a little music going and speaking of music Let's go ahead and try these out, so you got a microUSB port at the back And there's an included cable that is really holiday themed. They've gone the whole nine yards here. Alright the Bluetooth speakers are on, they look good, too. These actually look like proper ornaments Wasn't expecting that, and what's interesting is I'm just checking at the box now And you can only use one of these ornaments at a time for audio So, you can get that two ornament system that I know you were really looking forward to. So let's go and try this out with One ornament give this to a buddy it'll pair to their phone. Just can't have two playing off the same device We're gonna play the Queen's song herself here Mariah Carey all I want for Christmas is you. Wow, these are pretty loud Honestly these are pretty solid, like I can actually see you guys picking these up and hanging these like up at a Christmas party or Some other holiday party, and playing music off these like, the Christmas tech so far is actually pretty useful. Now this next item kind of just showed up. It was actually sent to the P.O. box if you guys don't have the address I'll leave it in the description, if you guys find anything like cool Or weird tech you think would be perfect for the channel make sure you send it over there And I'll give you guys shout outs if I actually Make a video on what you send me. All right back to this This is like a stocking stuffer that doesn't really do a whole lot, Except it has like this digital screen in the middle that when you press this button... Lights up, shows a different color. Traditionally in my family We do the stockings first, and then we go under the Christmas tree for presents. Let me know in the comments How you guys do it, or if you guys even celebrate Christmas? I'd actually love to know but since this year I got a digital stocking I'm pretty much Just gonna be hanging this up, changing up the colors, so people know it's your boy and, just, chillin I mean, I think this thing's like eight bucks, super cheap But pretty cool! Last thing is something that I thought you guys would totally love, it's called the Mary charger and basically It's a lightning cable for your iPhone, charges it up doesn't do anything really different, but what's cool about it Is it has Christmas lights on there so... Alright, It's literally Christmas lights on a charger, okay let's turn this on that'd be joke if the Christmas lights actually turned on once you plug your phone in. We got the worst MacBook in the world right here I don't like you. Alright, I'm sorry MacBook I didn't mean to throw you, let's go ahead and plug these in and see if the lights light up Be the greatest Christmas gift. You know what, no freakin way That's sweet, so when you plug it in to a power source the lights light up It's charging you heard it for yourself This is the next-gen iPhone cable for like 15 bucks This is a deal, like this is a deal Coolest lightning cable ever. That's gonna Do it for this video make sure you guys get subscribed with Notifications turned on, if you're new, and let me know in the comments if you guys are just joining the notif squad make sure you follow the Insta story That's where it's popping and that's where you're gonna see all the extra bonus content where Christmas tech like this And I'll see you guys soon. Peace! 