Hold it don't move Whiskey guys Keaton here so fortnight and pub G have been crazy They do blown up over the last year and as soon as these games have IOS Android even mobile versions they blow up you guys remember Grand Theft Auto It's crazy, so we're gonna be checking for at night out I'm the iPhone and then also playing pub G on the iPhone 10, but seriously for real Oh, I have four invite codes to four night It's basically invite only right now, so all you got to do is follow me on instagram full instructions in the description below I'll be posting a photo up just make sure you like it comment it, and you're following me I'll pick a winner in 48 hours after this video goes up, so you'll hear soon And I'll let you guys know on Instagram all right So let's play some for tonight the game that I love on xbox from just techsmartt if you guys don't have me added now I'll be streaming on Twitch a little bit later this week So make sure you keep it locked over there and what I've been noticing is this server Sometimes go down, so keep that in mind keep your trying log in log in failed You see what I mean. This is just the lobby the menu. I'm level seven if you're a higher level Let me know in the comments if you're not don't even mention it. I'm loving this game so basically for tonight If you guys haven't heard a pub G or h1z1 These are games where you are dropped into a world and you pretty much have to survive There's sometimes 100 people in these worlds like pub G and in fortnight and basically you build forts you try to survive you pick up guns, you kill each other And it's fun. It's like a new version of like a first before OMA. I'm loving this I am loving this look at these controls if I get a single kill in this video. I'm gonna lose it if we don't hold Hello, so it's this bus look. It's like the Magic School Bus Everybody off last stop in 35 seconds you can pulp a map and kind of identify where you want to go so the bus is Right there. I'm think I'm gonna drop Tilted towers you can see everyone else on the map what's cool about. This is in pub gee It's pretty underdeveloped like I'll be the person to say it. I love the game That's what kind of gives it the rustic feel it gives me like h1z1 vibes, but with fortnight. It's really polished the iOS game It's not laggy. No frames are dropping. It looks really good. It's like an animated version of pub G I mean pub G is animated, but you gotta get what I'm saying It's it's like a friendlier version, but a lot of people like this game, and it's cool, so I'm parachuting down right now It's awesome that parachute is Kind of see you around kind of giving you guys a demo, but I'm also gonna rock it here Let's get you a building you can find some guns and you can actually drive cars Which I think is dope so the cool thing about these games is yes? You're dropped into this big map and unlike Call of Duty words restricted. These are restricted by these circles You gotta say with inside the circle and what's cool is That's how the game has like you all end up in this tiny circle trying to kill each other, and it's just a free-for-all Sudden death battle. It's it's awesome. It's a lot of fun if you survive to the end and if you suck It's not fun. You don't want something. Oh, I see someone see someone right up there I'm acted like this is the biggest deal in the world. It's not I kill a lot of people all the time. I'm just creepy nope, alright I Was 50 second, and it was because I didn't have a gun you Didn't see that alright. Let's edit that out. We're gonna say it's my first try on the next row. Oh, sweet you can change mode So there's no duo mode right now Oh, I got to invite Coates, you know what I'm saying hit the in stop make sure you know Code if you guys want to add me I'm just the tech smart on fortnight tech smart was taken I know the pain here we go alright We're about to get dropped Wow graphics looks so good alright time to go while that joysticks so awesome Look at these graphics cool. So there's a barn right there Defending guns inside that an AR and some ammo. I got I gotta be more. I gotta be more exciting damn I gotta be I'm gonna be a better streamer. Just give me a few streams, and I'll be better Promise you you think the world wants to know man It's just fine Apple belong on pizza. I enjoy pineapple on pizza though. I don't mind you ha ha ha ha I Don't like gaming on my iPhone, but this games pretty cool. I think anyone all ages like would dig this is sick This is like the new GTA so basically as you go along the way when you knock down buildings like that barn a knock down You collect wood and that helps you build forts so if your intimate gunfire or you see someone you can actually build a fort block yourself and Hopefully that saves you and you can just run around and shoot. Where everyone's hiding or I just suck Probably a little bit of both, but you know I'm good Oh, that's gonna cool, so the app actually shows you the time and the battery life left on your device They don't have to include that it's nice. They do Right up there in the corner. I dig that. I really dig that so the storm is shrinking So you guys know if Circle drinks? That's when the action really starts to unfold yeah, buddy, I'm pumped Here we go we're just gonna aim then we're gonna do Let's shake and bake baby shaking back what okay I feel like this could be my my final moments Yo, thanks for free mo, we're stacking alright someone is definitely in there oh I'm taking fire. You got the students Keaton you got this you got this you got this I? Got a camp I got a camp. I got a camp out here in my hair my hear me I Hear em team oh There he is there is Here we go here we go here. We go here. We go. Oh damn. No. No that's you We got some hit markers on them and that's not a win, I don't know what is I mean I'm feeling good You're taking the fire All right building the fort now Well just got eliminated like I said, I'm the best so four nights a lot of fun. Let's hop over to pub G See how it's different on the iPhone it has more of like a real look I think this looks more like GTA then probably fortnight doesn't mean before tonight really is like Animated looks kind of family-friendly some of the characters from pub G Even look like some of the characters from GTA that Trevor Trevor sent you here We go so similar to fortnight you have your joystick control here Kick and then we're just in the lobby waiting to get dropped so 100 people Lobby these lobbies usually fill up these games are super Popular you're never gonna have any like Lobby time or you're trying to find a match you're good 24 seconds here We go alright so like for tonight. We've dropped out of a plane Not a fun bus this is just like a b-2 bomber like a real plane. Oh is there a chat What there's a chat? Hold it don't move you're gonna map. What do we wanna land? The maps better feel like Pub jeez a little more polished on iOS. That's kind of the biome again It looks a little bit better than for tonight does we'll see when we land Absolute fortune key do my man's cold with no pants Sorry man sweets to be landed graphics look I Don't think it's like you don't just tap to go in the house. You have to hit open That's the one thing I never liked about pub G. You have to tap to do Pretty much anything let me just pick this up quick-draw Mac Thanks, bud for the guns. What is that the crossbow? Yeah, that is a crossbow feels a little more sensitive than fortnight I feel like four night was more polished. I didn't feel like Motion sickness, and she's looking the screen mean these screens are great So you know LED display on the iPhone time and it looks amazing colors detail But I just feel like it's so finicky probably adjust the sensitivity bug Right I see someone in the distance here. We go. There's my one shot Alright, so we were restricted. We were in the red zone now See the red zone is pretty small on the map, but that just happens to be where we we are There oh sweet, we got a car. We got a buggy Yeah, we're pretty much that Yes, please let me put controls are these I'm playing a Pocket Controls, that's all you get you're not worthy of anything else well So I'm like for tonight. You can't build your own structures I think I'd be a really cool add-on, but then the games are pretty much the same just Interface things a little different characters are a little different One looks like cartoon the other doesn't so it'd be cool if you could build stuff in cob G I'd be down for that but run someone over It really is just Grand Theft Auto to see someone on the map here Shoot I'm flying there for a second, I've even saw me Flying I don't know I feel like playing on a council where you can sit on a couch is kind of cool I mean I'm standing up to make this video and some about playing on an iPhone that Kind of gets I straining after a while I don't know if I felt this completely on four-night the pub gee I would get sick of this after an hour of playing on My phone where's like with an Xbox or Playstation I could see myself going in like afford a six-hour session something about it Can't put my finger on it, and I would honestly say with pub G Not allowing you to build your own stuff. It makes the game slower and the experience is slower You can see there's only 75 people in the lobby whereas fortnight like three minutes in the roof only 50 people left And I feel like that's attributed because you can build your own stuff that means larger structures are forming out of nowhere And it's easy to find people when random objects are forming out of nowhere so with pop G. Your God is just driving around and Hoping you bump into someone and then you're gonna take their life alright So I'm just driving 2 3 & 4 here you got a little bit of a drive buckle up grab some snacks watch a movie I'll get you there safely. I'm like the uber on a motorcycle Your uber driver probably doesn't crash your teammate has been killed trying to head to my teammates All I got is one left. He's far in the distance I'm coming to you, buddy and Well We're here, there's only 63 people remaining yeah for tonight's just a faster game. I'm just gonna fire off all my ammo Hopefully something finds me and kills me I'm lost I'm really lost. I'll get better trust me. I'll get better all right. I think we've had enough Pub G I know I have wow That was amazing so you guys that's gonna do it for this channel make sure you guys get subscribed and you subscribe to my second Channel to drop a like if you're cool, and I'll see you at Instagram to switch it up all right. Please guys 