- Hey, what's up, guys? Welcome back to TechSmartt for another episode of Wishbusters, the show where we buy and
try items here on Wish. In this episode, we
actually got a third camera and we're going for
interesting gaming accessories. I'm so excited, interesting camera angles
and gaming accessories so let's roll it. (air whooshing) Now, before we jump on Wish, big thanks to Skullcandy's Indy for sponsoring today's episode. If you guys wanna check it out, link to the Indy is
down in the description. Now, what's sweet about these is they're Bluetooth wireless earbuds, but unlike some others,
they're IP55-certified. So they're dust, they're
water, they're sweat-resistant. They're more of the
active wireless earbud. These actually come with a gel tip and these gel stability seals. So if you have small
ears and small ear holes, these are gonna fit, and these basically
fit everyone's ear now. What's really sweet is with Skullcandy, the bass is a little bit more pronounced. That's one thing that I have noticed. And of course, they work with iOS and Android devices with Bluetooth. And what's even cooler of, you know the battery life on these guys? For hours with the Indys with another 12 hours in the case, so 16 hours in total. The touch-activated volume control and the price,
(cash register rings) it's pretty sweet. Check 'em out in the
link in the description. Let's get buying some
interesting gaming stuff (hands tapping) on Wish. Now, we're actually getting into it. We're gonna have an unlimited budget for the last three episodes of Season Two. Count 'em down. Let me know in the comments any other Wish video
ideas you guys want me to check out here in Season Two. Season Three is going to be
an absolute game-changer. It's gonna look a lot different. Let's just type it in. Since it's interesting gaming accessories, I have to type in gaming. (sighs) It just wouldn't
be right otherwise. We got a gaming keyboard, we got a skin for an Xbox
One controller and it's free. I mean, $3 shipping on a free skin? Feel like there's some better skins for Xbox One controllers. Pintilii, "Had very nice texture. "I love it. "I wish they had it for
Razer controllers too. "Had it for a long time. "Have to get." "Doesn't got the bigger
controllers so check first. "Arrived early, great for the value." Miriam, act like you like it. I think I'm gonna like it too. We're gonna hit buy. Ooh, all right. Something kinda similar to a skin. And you guys have probably
seen in Control Freaks, the little extensions that go on the caps or the sticks of really any controller. This is kinda like that, but I don't know if it
gives you extra length. I think it's just more for grip. For $2? Okay, look, it's a grippy silicone cover. Exactly as described. The thumb pads don't stay on
too well but it's pretty good. Okay? It's Wish, we're happy with half. He gave it a four star. "Really good, it improved my gaming. "Amazing for the price, I recommend it." For $2, amazing for the price. Getting it in green and we're buying it. (air whooshing)
Ooh! PC gaming. This is something that I've seen expand as a category on Wish. Of course, it's a marketplace, more products are gonna get listed to it, but this mouse has always caught my eye. I mean, it has variable weights so DIY custom weight module, 20 million times click test. Wait, 20 million times click test? Who sat there and clicked
this mouse 20 million times? I really hope it was a robot, but you don't really know! It's Wish, you don't know
where these products come from. For $14, great. Ordered two more. Alexandru-Daniel, "It's really great. "I love how it works and feels." Darrell, "As a gamer, I
have to give this thing "a full two-week period of
constant use to fully test it, "and it's amazing. "I highly recommend using it." Okay. We got three things in the cart. Let's speed this up. One pair gaming trigger mobile phone fire button game controller. It's playing my favorite mobile game PUBG for a $1, $2 shipping? All right. Are people enjoying it? Iqbal, "Excellent, working on iPhone 7+." "Works great, very satisfied.", Ales. Farhan, "Fast delivery,
two weeks earlier." about five months ago. All right, sounds a little sketchy but we're into it. Four things in the cart. Ooh, a PS4 external turbo temperature fan. $8? $6 shipping. Flavius, "Just as described,
fits and works great." Shawn, "Fits perfectly,
has rubber attachments "so it won't scratch your PS4. "It is much quieter than
the PS4's overheating fans. "Auto kicks in at 38 degrees Celsius. "I haven't heard the PS4's fans since "so it works perfectly." Wow, that was a paragraph, $8, let's just throw it in. Ooh, table and chair arm support rotatable hand mousepad wrist pad. $7. Looks like the perfect thing to elevate my PC gaming lifestyle. It's got your entire forearm, okay! And it's verified. "It's really nice after used it yet, "but I plan to update it." The things you find in these reviews. You won't find them on any
other eCommerce marketplace. Brooke, "Pretty nice. "Girls in office want one. "I think I need another. "It's comfortable." All right, Brooke! Sounds good. We're buying it in red. We got six things in the cart. (hands tapping) All right, let's punch in iPhone gaming and we're gonna see what
mobile gaming brings up. Ooh! These are free, you can't really go wrong. They're just little clips that go on the sides of your iPhone. Does anyone in the reviews know what game that this works best for? I feel like PUBG would work. John, "Like it a lot. "Came a few days early. "I found it very convenient." Okay, that's a good sign. Louise, "Pretty cool little device "if you're a game streamer,
gamer, et cetera." But for the most part, outside of Louise giving it a four star, everyone pretty much likes it. It's free. How much is shipping? $2? Okay, we can do that.
(air whooshing) Ooh! Gaming Mouse, $12. Classic gaming mouse, 16,000 DPI, seven programmable buttons. Select size. Ooh, I'm getting a luxury. $7 shipping, not a single
person has reviewed this. (Keaton sighs) Please review the stuff if you buy it on Wish. How else am I supposed to make decisions? We're getting it in blue. It better be sweet. Mechanical keyboard from Ajazz, $28. It's a wired mechanical keyboard. Do you even get to pick? Black Switch, Blue Switch? Has anyone actually bought it? "A little smaller than expected but great. "Typing feels amazing." "It's really good but the
keys feel bulky as frick." "Packaging was incredible, "keyboard is great too." From nemz. We got nine things in the cart. I'm feeling a few more items. (air whooshing)
One piece, three size, RGB colorful, LED lighting
gaming mouse mat pad. I wanna get a 900-millimeter
by 400-millimeter mousepad. Why don't you pick the color? Best black, ash black,
antique black, cool black, or just black. Give me the best black. "Good and fast delivery, good quality mat, "nice lighting." from
Wei about a month ago. Taylor, "This is legit and
goes perfect woth my setup!" It's perfect woth her setup! Maxwell, "It's lovely. "I uploaded a video of it
to all my friends online. "I'm different. "Gonna recommend this to all of them." Maxwell did write this two days ago. I know he's excited. He did put the sunglass
emoji with the rock and roll. We're just gonna add this to the cart. I'm gonna get one more thing 'cause we're getting a little fun. I mean, it's interesting
gaming accessories. (hands tapping) We're chopping it up. Oh, yes! We found the most
interesting gaming accessory: Fortnite charging backpack. Day time, it's a white Fortnite backpack, but at night, it's a
blue Fortnite backpack. Whoa! $18, reviews, "Got the
right one this time. "Lol, son loves it!" So Alyssa also is dealing
with the woes of Wish. "I'm in love with this purchase. "My kid received it as a
surprise and he is amazed." Daniel, "It's really cool and built good." It's built well, Daniel. I'm making that item number 11. We're adding it to the cart. $182? Not too shabby. Let's see what actually shows up. We only got around seven total products but for everything that's weird and in gaming and that's on Wish, this should basically cover it. And as you know, with Wishbusters, we rate everything on
a scale of one to five. We give it a score of Wish or Dish, basically tell you if you should
buy it or if you shouldn't. Up first for item number one, I wanna say this is some sort of keyboard. Okay? (keyboard clacking) It does come with a brush, but don't really think we need that. Then we have a mini USB cable, so taking a little back,
a little bit old-school. Plug that on in and yeah. (keyboard clacking) Just living in the 2000s. (keyboard clacking) We're gonna test this out,
play a little game at the end. So while we wait for the
Wish or Dish on item one, and maybe everything else
because it is gaming related and I do actually wanna test it out, that's where Wishbusters is going. We got item two? What is this? (items clattering) I actually forgot. (beeps) So how this works is you
basically take this screw and you put it up against
the end of your surface, your desk, whatever you're using. So you have your chair,
your keyboard, your monitor, and now you have an elbow guard. Doesn't get any better! Product number three, we have hopefully something we
can give a Wish or a Dish on, but this is for P4 gaming console. So this skirting around here, I assume this is for PlayStation. You have your instructions here. Cool down your P4 system perfectly. For what I think, if you plug this in with the included cable to
the USB port on your PS4 or your PlayStation 4,
you should be covered. Button on the side. It's pretty easy. Switch on, switch off. Hopefully this works.
(air whooshing) Now, for item number four, (plastic rustling)
(techno pop music) ooh, we have the on-screen
adhesive game controllers. These just actually aren't even adhesive. They're just kinda like rubber. They just go up against your screen, whether that's an iPad, a
tablet, a phone, doesn't matter, and they actually go right to center too. These are so cool! Dude, PUBG. Item five, I don't even know
if we have seven in this video. Pretty basic one here. You know the test is gonna be awesome. (plastic rustling) I don't know if I'm strong
enough to open this. This Xbox One mushy grip, silicone grip, don't make your hands sweat. Maybe your hands will still sweat. And included-- (beeps) This and this and this, I hope everything fits. (air whooshing)
Item number six. Okay, we've yet to have a Wish or a Dish. So all this stuff could suck. (plastic rustling) Okay. Gaming mousepad. Ooh! So it's got LEDs, automatic
memory, adjustable brightness. I think we can test this one out. (techno pop music) This really looks nice. You have your control panel right up here to adjust brightness. You have your nice, long
mousepad, micro USB cable. So all you do is plug into the
controller at the upper left. Check out these colors! So we got some nice red going on here. It's cycling through the colors. Blue, green, pink, purple, blue. Wow, check that out! The entire perimeter,
you have this glow stick. Nothing really else to say,
nice mousepad, nothing cheap. This actually feels really
nice, quality material that you'd probably pay a hundred bucks or a few hundred bucks for if you wanted a really nice
and a long gaming mousepad, but this is perfect. This is just multi-purpose. You could use this whether
you're a gamer or not and just kinda want a lot of real estate that your mouse can glide on, this is it. So scale of one to five, absolute five. Wish or Dish? Total Wish. This is a no-brainer. Item number, are we on seven, F? We are on item number seven. This looks familiar. I love this mouse. I think this is one of
the older generations because it is on Wish and
it would not surprise me, 'cause the packaging does look older compared to (air whooshing). (beeps) The reason I think it's
an older generation and I'm not just saying that, this is what the box
looks like from the Wish, and well, this is the
DeathAdder Elite box. So two different mice,
one's Elite, one's not. We're gonna find out
and put it to the test what the Razer DeathAdder is like. (sighs) I'm so excited. Test that out on that
nice gaming mousepad. And now for product, last but not least, eight, we have what could be a mystery. It's in a box, it's
honestly the best for last. Before we get into the
game, another mouse. Ooh, this one looks much
better than whatever year. I love when I can do that. This looks like almost
one of the Cyborg mouses, or like one of the R.A.T. 7s. It's not really customizable without getting an Allen wrench in there. Huh. Maybe it actually is customizable. You have the flathead screw on the back. So the next thing I'm gonna
do, fire up the Razer Blade, we're gonna play some Apex Legends and test out some of the PC accessories to find out if it's really worth it. So everything's all set. We have our mousepad, we have our customizable
R.A.T. 7-like mouse if you do know gaming accessories, and we have our elbow guard here which surprisingly is nice. I actually like the almost,
it feels like a bathmat where it catches your elbow
nicely but keeps it in place where you can still move it around. It's just extra support and it just takes less
stress off your shoulder, and longterm, that's good. That's real good! Now, here comes the problem. Apex Legends servers are down. EA, get it together! I'm tired of this. Overwatch is just fine
and dandy, isn't it? Yeah. So unfortunately, I
can't actually test out these PC gaming accessories. Well, without a game, that's gonna work. (beeps) It doesn't really matter to EA. So whether it's FIFA,
whether it's Apex Legends, it's the same kind of vibe. I'm gonna say for this
mouse, feels pretty nice. I can go on Google.com. It's cool. It's pretty fast, pretty comfortable. Giving this a five out of five. So this is an automatic Wish. And giving this wrist
guard a four out of five. It's pretty nice, although
it's starting to peel. It is from Wish. Takes a lot of stress off
your elbow and your shoulder. It's pretty durable. You're actually gaming for a while, I think this, this, and
this are what you want. Now, where it gets spicy is how is the old Razer DeathAdder, or really the DeathAdder
that's just not Elite, but it's still a DeathAdder? Oh, that's butter. Oh, that's absolute butter. I actually like that
better than the other one so if I can give this a six, I would, but yeah, this is getting a five, it's an absolute Wish. Really just like how light it is. I know it's not as good
but as an option on Wish. And of course, I didn't
test it out on camera but the keyboard, it works. I'm just really upset about Apex Legends 'cause I was expecting this
keyboard to be my keyboard, and then just the servers are down. Keyboard out of five, it's a four. It's nice, it's not anything special. It's a Wish, but I'm so upset. (bangs) EA, don't let me say this again. Now, we're trying out something I'm really pumped to try out, these on-screen gaming controllers. Let's see how these work. So you basically just put 'em on the screen or the glass
of the device you want. I got PUBG fired up here,
so one over the controller, and well just like that,
I'm actually able to move. All I have to do is just
kinda control my character. But if I just drop it anywhere on screen, I basically have friction
created through the rubber and I can control it. That's a little weird. Yeah, that is a little weird. And now I'm getting shot at, so I'm gonna drop these so
I can keep my ego intact. Here we go! Here we go, here we go, here we go, here we go, here we go, here we go. Can I make it? Can I make it? Can I make it? Can I make it? So there's one person left, here we go. So there's one person that I
can see, not one person left. Now I got two kills
without the controllers so I think it's pretty clear
what's good and what's not. Maybe it's just me. I don't think I'm actually
that good at PUBG. It also is on mobile so
that's that's another thing. I wouldn't use these, I wouldn't buy 'em, so out of five, I'm gonna give 'em a two. They're a Dish. These, they can just get lost. (air whooshing) All right, so behind us, we have a 75-inch 4k TV with
Apex Legends all fired up. We have what are really
nice stick cushions that have these awesome grips that actually hold your thumbs in place. So I'm gonna throw this silicone grip on this Xbox One controller. It looks like for the
most part, we're good. All buttons are accessible,
triggers are easy. It's got a nice grip to it, so crazy. On the PC, servers are down, wifi is up. On Xbox One X, I guess it's always up. Woo! I really, really like this silicone grip with the thumb controllers too. Out of five, I'm giving this a five. It's a total Wish. But now, can actually something happen? Let's see if it saves me
in the line of battle. All right, here we go. Absolutely nothing. I have not played Season
Three so if I go out early, it's because of that. (beeps) All right. Opponents are marking, enemy over yonder. Perfect! (techno pop music) Ooh yeah, ooh yeah, ooh
yeah, ooh yeah, ooh yeah. So far so good. I'm able to handle really
everything that you'd expect. Controller feels really
grippy, really comfortable. I like this. I really, really, really like this. I just would like it a little bit more if I could actually test out my skills. (techno pop music) Boom, baby! (techno pop music) Just execution style, baby. Here we go. (techno pop music) Oh yeah, oh! We almost had 'em, total Wish. And of course, I could not forget the last product in this video
is the fan for the P4 or PS4. So if you take a closer look right here, it's actually gonna fall off. And I understand why it's on
Wish at the price that it is. It doesn't stay on the back of your PS4 as well as you want it, but if you give it a little push and you plug your USB cord
into the rear USB port, it's gonna create enough
friction to hold it, and the fans are working. How I know is (fan whirs) you can stop 'em. You even have what is a
turbo button on the side (fans whirring) and it actually turbos. So I think this will cool my
PS4, no questions about that. So one to five, giving it a five. It's a Wish. Wow, I'm shocked! Everything works, except
the Apex Legend servers. So that's gonna do it for this episode of Wishbusters. Of course, at the end of every episode, we rate which product was our favorite. It makes you vote up in
the iCard right there which product was your favorite in this episode of gaming accessories. If I had to give it to one thing, hands down it's going to this mousepad. It's probably the best
buy on this entire video, so that's gonna do it for this one. If you guys are new, make
sure you get subscribed. Drop a like if you guys
want more Wishbusters. Let us know in the comments what you guys wanna see for Season Three, and we'll catch you guys in the next one. 