- Hey what's good guys? Welcome back to TechSmartt
for a classic episode of How Bad is It? If you guys are new to this,
I have two Galaxy S10+'s, in front of me and Ev one of them is real one of them is fake. But we're gonna find out how
bad the fake one really is. Didn't think I was going to catch it. Let's roll that intro. (dramatic techno music) So if you're new, make sure
you vote up in the I-card which device you think is real and which device you think is fake. We have device one, and then device two, but what's interesting about this video, is that this fake costs $101. So if you want to check
it out, link's down below. And the reason we make
this is to make sure if you buy a used device
on Ebay, Craigslist, whatever it is, maybe a year from now, maybe three years from now,
whenever you're watching it, you don't get scammed and
you know what to look for. And here are just a few
simple tests that you can put any device up to and basically
find out what to look for. Here's your one stop shop. So let's get to it. For a $101, which is real, which is fake. If you guys haven't seen any
of the Galaxy S10 videos, I'll link that playlist
right up there in the I-card. When this showed up, and
this is the second one. There was some white stickers on it, obviously to get it to
pass through customs. Don't actually know
how this one showed up. I say it with every device,
so basically every video, but for $101, this is the fake one and we're just gonna jump
right in and see what we get. There was no slide, there was no top. This was basically it. Nope like, there was no jokes there. And this is what the device looks like. So if you find in any Galaxy S10 or S10+ with this kind of front sticker, and then of course the
Olympic Sticker on the back, you know it's not anything
good that you want to be getting yourself into or your money into. But with the three
cameras right on the back that's what we're gonna put to the test and see with that being a new
feature on the S10 and S10+ how bad is it on $101? Accessories. This really thin piece of paper. Basic accessories included. It does charge with USB-C. With the fake S10 we're gonna put this one to the side and jump
into the real one here. Seems like all the ones on Ebay, that's who hooked it up this year with all the Samsung stuff. We're gettin' it, we're gettin' it. Don't even need a knife. (beep) So it seems like Ebay, and all the phones on there have this free SD card, so this is what an S10
box should look like. Same with the S10+. Has the S10 kind of white stamp, or whatever color device you have. It's color corresponding with the font. So, Ev, white phone, plus, and here she is. So this is the Prism
White, not the ceramic one. The would be the move. You know what to expect. Wallbrick, OTG, AKG headphones, and then a USB-C cable. With these clones and fakes,
they're always getting better. So whenever you see this video, the link down in the description should stay updated and
for $101 you get to see like different colors and variations. So on this particular model
it is a 6.3 inch screen, and compared to the real Galaxy S10+, that is a 6.4 inch screen, so that's just something to look out for. Eight gigabytes of storage with one gigabyte of RAM. So always interesting to
see what actually shows up. And for the colors, this
is what caught my eye. It comes in gold. Gold isn't one of the colors
they offer on the S10+. It only comes in five colors
that you'll probably see and then two ceramic versions that are a little more expensive. Prism White is what we have here and gold is not really an option. You have this Canary Yellow, but you can definitely tell it's yellow and not a gold from what other models
have had in previous years. So with that in mind Ev, for $101, oh, you can go all the way
up to 16 gigs of storage. Takes an SD card so of
course you could expand it. $117 bucks and then
for full on tech specs, for features, Gravity Response. Ev, don't you wanna know when gravity's working and when it's not working? (whimsical music) Scares me every time. Wireless charger, Back
Camera, Google Play Store. So we'll test all that out,
and then you have Face ID? I think that's and iPhone feature? Interesting to see if they're gonna have the Ultrasonic Fingerprint, the
in-screen fingerprint reader that the real S10+ has, because that's definitely a distinguishing feature. And well, we'll just jump right into it. I mean, I think the only
thing really left to do is see how bad the fake clone really is. So with the screen protectors on there, you gotta take 'em off and it always seems to be just I think time, but no one's really trying
when they try to make these and making it look somewhat accurate. So obviously I got one in black, they don't make one in white. You guys saw it on the site. But with the three cameras
that's one of the big things to look for this year on
the Galaxy S10 and S10+. If there's anything less than
that it is definitely a fake, or it might be a Galaxy S10e. Probably not though if
you're watching this video. So with this, nothing
really else is on the back. You can tell the corners are really curved compared to the S10+. Looking at the thickness,
the fake is about 1 1/2 times thicker. I'd say a little heavier
than the real Galaxy S10. Things that you would definitely expect, you have your volume buttons
on the side right there, and then the Bixby button,
everyone's favorite. And then what is kind of
interesting is the power button's I would say is near the cameras for sure. Compared to the fake one
which is a little lower, and oh, there isn't that
whole punch in the screen. So that is one thing to
definitely take into account. Now at both phones are
unboxed, we're gonna put them to the test with three apps. The first one that is
kind of a dead giveaway is if your Galaxy S10 or S10+ doesn't have the in-fingerprint reader, or
the Ultrasonic Fingerprint. So that basically means,
instead of having face unlock, which both devices support,
this one calls it Face ID though you can actually just rest
your fingerprint at the lower third of your phone and it should unlock. So to find this, just
diving in to settings, at the top, see if it's even supported. Going down to biometrics and security, fingerprints, add the pin, continue, and as you see on the screen,
just resting your fingerprint up against the phone. The one thing I don't really
like and why I've actually been using the S10e, is the
fingerprint reader is on the power button which is on
the side of the phone, versus in the screen. And for me I just like
that a little bit better. So that's interesting, it took
a little bit of time to find but there actually is a fingerprint mode. So just rest your fingerprint. Okay. Fingerprints are both recorded. But before we test that out,
just looking at the time. On the fake phone, this is just something interesting to put in. Try to put in your local
city and see if it finds it. For me it only comes up with Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai and Shenzhen. So I try Los Angeles, it pops up, but then it doesn't really pop up. But the clock is just a
widget that's pre-installed, you can of course get rid of it, but on the S10+ it obviously finds it. So that's kind of interesting. Let's see how well this
fingerprint reader works. I'm going to try it with my left thumb. Well it unlocked with the wrong thumb. So I don't have a whole lot of hope. It just really works if
you press in while you also lay your finger on the
sensor or just screen. It works with basically any finger. So fingerprint reader, not really. And then on the S10+, you just
kinda press in a little hard. It's still really responsive
and fast on the S10+. Bezels, no hole punch. How is the camera? Might as well find out right? With the fake first. And then the real one. How to they stack up? Not too bad. The fake actually looks the
best that I've ever seen. But obviously compared to the real one with the 10 megapixel and
the eight megapixel camera that's gonna stack up, and then of course, there's three on the back. So next up is the Instagram
test where we basically record an Instagram story
and then there's a mode where you can upload directly
to Instagram stories, through Samsung and
Instagram's new collaboration. Compared to the fake
phone, there's a convenient record button right next to the shutter. So let's just give this a whirl. So go check the quality out
right after this video goes up. It's just techsmartt at Instagram. Let's see how these upload. So on the real phone it
automatically starts playing your video without audio,
but you can turn that up. And then to upload it you should hit this kind of triangle button. There's one on the fake phone at the top. Oh, that's good. It says publish right
to your Instagram feed. So one big telltale sign,
because of the Instagram, Samsung partnership
announced at the S10 event, is this whole share to
the feed or story mode. And this makes it supper
simple and also kind of helps polish off quality. It's not as good as an iPhone, of course. But it's not as Pixel 3 or
even Google Pixel grade, and that's what I was kind of hoping for when I first jumped into the S10e. But what to look for if
you're picking up a phone is this Instagram icon right here, and it will obviously say,
share to story or feed. So if I hit story, automatically goes right in, queues it up. I don't want to hear
it, so you guys go vote what you think looks
better, compared to this. It just shares to the
feed, instead of the story. So, not totally off, but
definitely a telltale sign. One big thing that I think
is the clear giveaway with all fake and clone devices, especially of the Samsung
origin, is these bezels. So if you guys missed it,
in the S9 How Bad is It? I'll leave it right up
there in the I-card. Same kind of setup, phone just looks a little different on the software side. We're gonna see how the speakers sound and I think that's a good test
to see if they've improved. I mean, obviously you're
gonna need to answer calls, if you still do that, probably want to play some music on YouTube Music, Apple Music, Spotify. So why not have a good playlist? Alright I'll leave it linked down below. The PBJams playlist. It's updated every single Friday, and we're gonna fire it up YouTube Music. Both looks pretty good, I mean, screen resolution on the clone I'd say is no great than 720p. It's not the best looking,
it's definitely legible, like you can see what's on screen, but it's no Quad HD plus screen. Like the S10+ blows it out of the water, and you'd expect it, but it's not bad. I'd say maybe even 1080p. I think 1080p is safe to say. Just looking at the pixels
and you can tell up close that there's fingerprints
on the phone, but, yeah, doesn't look all that bad. We're gonna start off with
the fake device first. See how that sounds. So full volume. Here we go Slushii, see
what you've got this week. (techno music) ♪ Intruder alert ♪ - Oh wow. That's louder than I thought it'd be, but not anything noticeable
over previous years that's like worth mentioning to you guys. It sounds like a fake device. So let's see how the same
song sounds on the real one. This should blow everything
away, like microphones included. (airy techno music) Sit tight. Buckle up. It's going down. It's way better, but how much better? (techno music) Definitely louder. Can't be terminated. Okay. (techno music) Let's hear it. ♪ Intruder alert ♪ (techno music) - I think the phone's gonna break there. Wow, that sounds way
better, as you'd expect. But much louder than previous years. Like, there's something up
with these S10 speakers. Might just be the plus here,
but they sound really loud. Like way louder than I was thinking. The last test we're putting
into all How Bad is It?'s going forward, is testing out
how good the clone really is. So we're gonna be using
the Geekbench 4 app. I know, you're probably
going off in the comments right now, saying, "It's
not the most accurate app." Sometimes manufacturers
actually boost the metrics up because the phone knows it's
running that specific app. So for specs, the one on
the left has eight gigabytes of RAM, the one on the
right should have at least one gigabyte of RAM. But that's where we're gonna find out if there's any surprises. So accept it, CPU benchmarks, okay. Android 9 four cores. So you see, they tried. They tried to get that quad-core in there, but only one of the clusters is running. You guys just want to see the score. That's kinda what I want to see. Let's let this thing run, do it's magic. This test is blowing the other phone away. This is the test we should've
been doing from the start. Both Geekbenches have finished
up and it's really telling just with this test, and
obviously why it's gonna be in every How Bad is It? going forward, is how telling the score is between the real phone and the fake phone. So on the real Galaxy S10
we have a Single-Core Score of 4500, and then a
Multi-Core Score of 10673. 673 doesn't mean a whole lot, but compared to the fake phone, 415 on the Single-Core
and then Multi-Core, which is the four cores
working all at once, this is TechSmartt right? A thousand. So not actually, yeah
it's a pretty big deal. The phone's usable as a fake phone, but don't expect to be gaming too hard, watching too many videos. I think you could maybe
do one thing at a time? Compared to eight gigabytes of RAM, and that's what RAM really helps with, you can multitask and
do anything you want. And with Samsung's decks you
could plug the Galaxy S10 or any of the S10's in
and use it as a computer. Imagine 12 gigabytes of RAM in that Ev. Uh-mag-in. So to answer this video's question, how bad really is a $101 fake Galaxy S10+? Pretty bad. I mean for a $101, you're getting sort of what you'd expect in a phone, but like most How Bad is It?'s, especially with the Galaxy S clones, it's not really that much. You're getting a phone that works, that can watch a little bit of YouTube. But with the Galaxy S10+,
what I really like about it is the full 6.4 inch screen, having that Ultrasonic Fingerprint
built into the screen. It's pretty cool and compared on the fake, it's there but it's not
keeping your device secure. So do these really compare up? Not really. Just the price. And now you guys know, if
you are buying a Galaxy S10 on Craigslist a little early
or at some point in the future, what to look out for, because these things really aren't changing. It's gonna take a little bit of time. We're close though. Guys, that's it for this video. If you guys liked it, make
sure to drop a thumbs, get subscribed if you're new, and join too, to become a member. It's super cheap, and
there's one bonus livestream in every single month that
you don't want to miss out on. So that's it. I'll catch you guys next time. 