- Hey what's going guys? Welcome back to TechSmartt for
kind of an interesting video. I was doing my daily searches on AirPods, just trying to see what's out there, and something interesting came up. It was from Walmart. So now Walmart is selling AirPods. I have so many questions. (tech music) Okay guys, if you wanna check
out anything in this video I'll leave it linked down below. First and foremost, I've made
so many videos on AirPods, thank you guys so much for the love if you've just recently got subscribed. There has been so much hype
since the Louis Vuitton AirPods, all the way down to the $4 fake AirPods down to three AirPod
tricks you should know. If you guys missed any of those videos, they'll be right up there in the iCard. Our poster had an oopsie there, but you guys have seen
all the videos on these, all the tips, tricks, the
real ones, the fake ones, the train ones, the $4 ones. It doesn't matter, but
when it comes to Walmart I have so many questions. Why are they selling AirPods? Are they the real AirPods? Are they the $159 ones? Are they the i10S? The i11S? There are so many videos
coming up on more AirPods because the AirPod 2s are coming out, but I only think it's
fair before those come out to jump on Walmart and
finally see what's going on. Obviously this is going down through the Walmart Marketplace. So obviously sellers,
kind of like on Wish, can go ahead and post up a photo, sell it, and then ship it and
fulfill it through Walmart. But that's just too much for me. That's too much for you. You wanna see me waste all my money to see how bad Walmart's AirPods are or if there's a secret
we didn't know about. The first thing to do is
to get all these ordered. I have no idea where this is gonna turn. So I guess first thing to type in is Walmart AirPods, don't even type in
AirPods on Walmart's site. So walmart airpods. Here we go, I have $35
for wireless headphones. Sold through Walmart. Walmart's actually selling
the real AirPods now, like two years later. I know they've had 'em in stock. But I just gotta get
to the bottom of this. All right, so clicking in we have the i8X compared to the i11s. I don't know how they'll sound. I know how the i10S sound. Drop a films on this video if you guys want me to do a video on
TechSmartt 2 maybe comparing all of them together. Maybe it'll be on here. Only if this just keeps
getting bigger and bigger. Let me know in the comments
if there's any other pairs you guys want me to try. I've tried finding the i12s. Unless one of you sends
them to the P.O. Box it's not happening. I've ordered six times now. All right so the first pair here, Wireless Headphones Bluetooth V4.2. So definitely not the i11s or the i12s. I think those might have 5.0. So kinda like all good things, we gotta read the reviews
and the description. i8X compatible, iPhone X, 8Plus. So just a copy and pasted description. Four to six hours of continuous music. I don't know about that Ev. The charging box only takes
one and a half hours to charge and the wireless earbuds only take one hours to fully charge, plural. All I wanna find out is how good they sound. I mean i8X, I don't
think I checked those out in the Wish video. If you guys missed that where
I bought all of 'em on Wish, right up there in the iCard. This is just one of the pairs. Don't think this is what
we're getting from Walmart, but you never know. Let's see what these reviews are saying. We'll get a few more added in. Are you ready Ev? One review, one star. It says don't buy this. Okay, so this is literally
the worst purchase of my life. It didn't work. It was not to scale and
it would not connect. I decided to buy this
considering it had 5 stars and I disregarded the fact
that it only had one review and naively just purchased it. Don't make the same mistake. February 28, 2019. So that's kind of a freshy. That's definitely a recent one. We're just gonna go in. We're just gonna add to cart. All right, so just jumping
right into the next listing. There's $35 right there. Let's see what these White
Bluetooth Wireless Pods. These look an awful lot
like the ones from Wish. I know it when I see it. I bought all of them after all. So we'll just go with, there's not even a white pair? There's one review and
it also has one star. For $14.99 do you think you're getting two or is that just the one pod price? I mean, compared to the
first one, $36 is for two. I wouldn't be surprised
if only one showed up. Wish has definitely shown me
a different side of the world. Ergonomic design ensures comfort wearing without hurting your ears no matter how long time you wear
it in the gym or running. Ev, how long time are
you wearing your AirPods? Wow, enjoy an untangled music experience. Perfect partner for sports
enthusiasts especially. This is why you gotta
read the descriptions. These are the i7TWS, so four generations later
the i11s or the i10s. This is just one big phenomenon I didn't think we'd get into, but that's why you're watching TechSmartt and you never know what will happen. Let's just check this one review out. I think we got a few more. We're not buying all of them on Walmart. They're probably very similar, if not 100% like the ones on Wish. So let's see what this review says. Will not connect without
turning off immediately. Oh man, we're in for a good one. Difficult to set up and rose gold color was not as advertised. It's pink, just pink. Battery didn't even last a movie. Geez. I don't know why I find enjoyment, and you're probably laughing at home just reading someone
else's miserable review. I hope they got refunded. I really hope that's the Walmart way. So we got two pairs of
pods added to the cart. Let me know in the comments right now if there's any other pairs that I might be missing on Walmart's site. It seems like these are just
the two most popular ones. $24. What could these be? (mumbles) 221 reviews. So I'm feeling good by GooPro, not GoPro, about their Wireless Earbuds Stereo. They got a button on the side, and it's good they're
very open about that. They're not insecure about
having a button on the side compared to like the real AirPods. So for $24, I'm assuming we get two pairs, 221 people bought these. Wait, no way. So Bluetooth 4.1. Did the last listing say GooPro sound? No way. Okay, so changes it up a
little bit listing the listing. We aim to show you accurate
product information. Don't know if that's
always true in this case, but the GooPro sound
Bluetooth 4.1 headphones looks like the i7TWS because
of the Bluetooth settings. We'll find out when we get 'em. Seems like we're just finding a duplicate. But the fact that 221 reviews are on here, four out of five stars. Does that sound right? So far so good. I've had other Bluetooth
headphones from another company and I accidentally left it in
my pocket and washed it twice. Surprisingly it still works. I bought another one just in case. Sound quality's great. Battery life lasts about four hours. I wish it came with its own charger plug but I do have a spare one. I'm sure if you have
an iPhone or if someone in your family owns an Apple device, you're probably covered. Great alternative to AirPods. These are pretty awesome. I use them for running and have no issues of them falling
out or hearing any noises as I pound into the pavement. Wow, we got a really
good runner there, Ev. (whimsical music) I can barely feel that
I'm even wearing them. I've been using them with
a Series 1 Apple Watch and they pair up automatically and within seconds of turning them on. So that's good to hear. Maybe this is the real winning pair. Okay, so this is a two-star review. But I kinda think it's telling. These earbuds are much too
large for the average user. You might be able to use them
if you have very large ears. I've included a picture with an unrealistic photo on the box. Which makes them look
much smaller than they are and another with the earbuds
in my hand for reference. Oh my, what, dude. Those don't even have holes on them. How is music gonna get played or any audio feedback gonna happen? So it looks like there's
only a cutout on the tip where you put it into your ear. So there's no speaker there, speaker there, and that's
what the box looks like? Just a pair of ears. Just a pair of ears. I actually think from the photos that might be the real pair of AirPods, but not the ones that
ended up on the site. Doesn't matter, we're gonna buy 'em. And I think find one more pair. And I think we should be good. All right, this last pair has got some futuristic red laser beams. I think it's just the LED indicator. So I'm guessing the i7TWS. HBQ-i7TWS, so maybe a
little bit better quality, higher better quality. That's probably what HBQ
stands for, right, Ev? The reviews on this. This might be the second most bought pair of AirPods on Walmart's
site outside of obviously the official AirPods. So four and a half out of five stars. These things are awesome. Great base, cool charging
pack, long battery life, outstanding sound, and so easy to use. Great product, would recommend to anyone. Okay, so everyone's ecstatic. Excellent base, cancels out
the noise, lagging sound, and broken within five days. Just look at that. The cords fell out of the
bottom part of the AirPod where it's supposed to charge. Yeah, that's definitely a problem, what happened? I can't tell if that's like, do you think that's circuitry? A dirty laptop or just
maybe a defective one that probably got replaced or probably hopefully was replaced. My daughter got these for Xmas. I purchased the protection
plan for them to tell me it wasn't covered by
my daughter's accident. Was charging her earphone
and went to take them off and well one came apart and
one of the wires also broke. And that was from January 31, 2019. So I don't think it's
safe to assume anything. The pictures look enticing, kind of like every Wish video. All we're really gonna do
is just add it to cart. I have no protection plan on this one. Okay, all right, all
right, just wanted to ask. Four pairs in, $120 about to be spent. I don't know, Ev, how you
feelin' about this one? We've checked out basically
every pair of AirPods, I mean, with the exception of the i12s, got the i11s here, on planet Earth. Any other pairs we haven't seen you think? You let us know in the comments. Now we wait. It took a few days but everything
showed up from Walmart. Actually three pairs were ordered. So let me kinda give you guys the rundown. These went for $25, these
for 34, and then the i8X. As you can probably figure out, cost $36. That was the most expensive pair, and we're gonna see
really what Photoshop does compared to what we actually got. I guess the classic unboxing of just all these really quickly. I mean, let's not make this
longer than it needs to be. Smallest box, do you think
two earphones are coming? It only says earphone. So mighta been duped on that one. And we're just rippin' through. Oh, we're in luck today. We got two. And then the i8TWS. The i8X, Ev. But these look to be
the largest on the list. So these are the i8X compared
to the regular AirPods. You guys can obviously
see the size difference. Yeah, the pods are pretty big. Don't think this is I anything worthy. Like I wouldn't even wanna
put these in my ears. And finally hopefully the i7TW, we checked these out before. These definitely are from the Wish video. You do got some colors. Do these come with a case? I have a feeling, I mean
these are from Walmart. That's what you gotta keep in mind. Oh, we have the classic charging cable. So I guess that's what you're left with. You're probably thinking, how do these actually stack up compared
to what we saw online. So prices are around from
$25 to $36 from Walmart. So think it's really gonna
come down to how they sound. And Ev, would you be buying a pair? I mean, it's your local Wish. Okay, if you power 'em on. I mean, it's basically
like the Wish video. Same kinda setup. It's how eCommerce works. And just throwing 'em in the ear, you got the Cognoli. Oh, I hear it connecting. Guess there's really only one thing to do. Make sure you guys check out the playlist linked down in the description. It's just the PBJam. It's updated every single Friday. Make sure you just click the link. It'll take you to Apple
Music, Spotify, YouTube music, whatever platform you
have, we're going in, Ev. We're gonna see if these work for reals. Up first is the $25 pair. And we got Slushii and Sofia
Reyes Never let You Go. So it's on the playlist at 100% volume. Not to damage the ears. Really test these knockoffs out. Eeww. All right, you take a listen. It's not bad. For $25 I'm kind of into it. These aren't the HBQ ones. Those are coming up next. But I gotta double check. Are these the HBQ ones. They are not, just the i7TWSs. We've seen these before. They're pretty loud. No case though. So only way to charge 'em
you need to have that cord. It's not a fun cord to carry around. And what's interesting to see, and the reason why I'm
testing all of these, is the connectivity. So I mean, for $25 these
connect right on up. There's buttons on the sides. Pretty easy to navigate
around and they work. Next up is the $34 pair. These are the i7 HB, wait, hold up. These are the HBQ-i7TWS's. That was a tongue twister there. I mean, I think we know what to expect. The pods have the same kinda LED setup. There's a button on here. Where the other one would
be, smaller button though. It says the same pair. Wait, is this real. Oh man, they're just
called the same thing. Under a different listing. Let's give this a go. Whoa, it's a little bit more balanced. I'm not lying on that. Hmm, what do you think about the case, Ev? Is it a look? Is it bad? I mean, microUSB on the back versus lightning? They sound better. HBQ means something,
higher better quality. That's what I'm saying. ♪ As long as I'm with you ♪ ♪ I never let you go ♪ How do they sound to you guys? CAn't really hear it. The bass is definitely there on it. Whatever that means on a
$34 pair of Walmart AirPods. Pretty impressed. Whoa it just cuts out when
you take one out of your ear. Does it pause? Maybe a full video needs to go down, i7s versus i8s, i9s, i10s, i11s, i12s? Drop a thumbs if you want it. ♪ Tory Lanez gettin' freaky on the beat ♪ ♪ Ev AirPods on the street $34 Walmart ♪ ♪ We up here holler ♪ Mmm, mmm I like it. $34, not that bad. What I wanna see is what
the i8Xs are all about. They look the most similar to
I think what real AirPods are. A beautiful pair that's givin'
it the best shot it can. The i8X. So same kinda light, it's rounded. You have the micro USB at the
bottom so not on the back. Looks a little bit more convincing. All right, size comparison time. So in front of me we've
got the i8s, the i7s, and then the i7 HBQs right there, then the real AirPods. You guys can kind of see
a full size comparison. We're going into the i8Xs. Hitting the button, see how these sound. The i8Xs. Okay. These are a completely different sound stage than the other two. It sounds the fullest out of the three. Bass isn't that low but
it's the most rounded. And they don't like it when
you take 'em out of your ears. So I guess we can all be robots forever. Not bad. $36, $34, and $25. Walmart, you've surprised me. This is kind of an interesting video that one of you guys
recommended in the comments. As you guys know, I do read 'em and reply basically after every video. From Walmart here's kind
of the final low down. You can kind of see where
the thickness comes, I guess the bulkiness of some
AirPods compared to others, but what's really
interesting is how they sound and how they optimize that space. I mean, as you would expect,
the most expensive pair, the i8Xs do sound the best
out of really all of them. It's the most rounded. But compared to the real AirPods we're not really that far off with clones, and that's kinda why I think
a full clone comparison at the end between every
number really everything, so just put it to rest. It's probably needed so drop a
thumbs if you guys want that. Make sure you hit subscribe if you're new and join too to become a member. Super easy, get some perks, and it's pretty cheap so that's it. Make sure you hit up the
Instagram, it's just TECHSMARTT, and I'll catch you guys next time. 