- Hey, what's up guys! Welcome back to TechSmartt for another episode of How Bad Is It. In this one I have two iPhone 11 Pro Max's right in front of me, and your job is to guess
right now in the comments which one is real and which one is fake. Let's roll it! (machine whirring) All right guys, so welcome
back to another episode of How Bad Is It. If you are new to this series, check the link down in the description to go to the playlist, or
right up there in the iCard, whichever is easiest for you. In this one we have iPhone 11 Pro Max's. They just came out, they're getting right
around that 60-day mark so you know we got a
special video coming up at our good old friend the ATM vending machine. So right now, we are going
to do what we always do and make you guys vote. Let me know in the comments
if you got it right. Vote up there in the iCard
which you think is real and which you think is fake. We're talking just about
the iPhone 11 Pro Max's, not TechSmartt's
personality or social life, just the phones, all right, vote up there, let me know in the comments if you guessed square or triangle because we're not doing numbers anymore. And of course if you guys want to check out the fake iPhone 11 Pro max in this video link down below, it goes for $135,
(cash register ringing) found one on eBay and one on Amazon, so I'll link that one down
below just in case it sells out. Let's dive on into these things, so if you guessed the midnight green, and what is the we tried our
best to make it midnight green, this is the real iPhone
11 Pro Max with the square and the one with the triangle, or the Illuminati, is the fake one. So as we always do it, we're gonna open up the
fake one first, just seeing what we get so your memory's fresh with what they're trying to pull on you. And the big thing with this
series is the phone's new, the holidays are coming up, and just like every How Bad Is It, I'm here to let you guys
know what is different, what looks funky, so if you pick one of these
up used or on Craigslist at any point in time, until the iPhone 12 comes out, or whatever else they name it, this is gonna help you know
what looks a little suss. Okay, phone pops out. So just jumping on in, we all know what an iPhone
11 Pro Max looks like, it's got the three cameras, got your USB wall brick, and then what is this? Not the air pods, ear pods. Pretty basic, and not even
a USB-C to Lightning Cable. That would be one way they
could just change it up, and kind of fool you a little
bit, a little tomfoolery. Now that we know what's in the fake box before we even turn it on, let's just quickly jump on
through the iPhone 11 Pro Max. I'm sure you've already seen an unboxing. This is the midnight green one. Did I scratch it already? Just wipes right off. They didn't do a back screen protector, I think this is the first
time in a long time. Of course you get your Apple stickers, that's just one quick thing to note, if you don't find Apple stickers
in the info guide booklet, things are looking pretty suss. And then we got the 29 Watt USB-C, it's the new one this year,
that's a dead giveaway to regular AC or whatever
country you're in. And of course you have your ear pods, just in a different case,
more of a paper one, and not the plastic tin, so that's kind of a dead giveaway. And then, of course, to complement your brand-new power brick, that's why I mentioned it, and Ev said he'd probably be fooled. But we got a USB-C to
Lightning Cable in here, so that's a really easy way just to go ahead and charge
maybe like 150 bucks, hoodwink a few more. Now here comes the most important part that you probably need to know. If you're legitimately
wanting to buy one of these in the description, here are the specs of the Goophone versus what
you probably already know about the iPhone 11 Pro Max. So the Goophone has Face
ID, wireless charging, question mark, we're gonna find out. Read about that a little bit in some other videos and online, you never really know
which model you're getting. A dual 5-megapixel camera. I don't even know if
there's a third camera on the back that functions, we're gonna cover one up
and see if that works. 2600 milliamp hour battery, single 13-megapixel camera. Is that on the front? I think that's on the back. One GB of RAM, 16 gigabytes of storage, a 1.3 gigahertz quad-core processor. Now you know why I'm reading
this from an iPad Pro, because I don't even know myself, then it could change by
the time you buy one. Dual SIM Android 7.0, it looks like a skinned version of iOS, like every Goophone, so it's good they kept that. 6.5 inches. And it's one of the worst iPhone clones that some people have ever seen. Now let's come on over
to the iPhone 11 Pro Max, and of course you can skip through this and just go to the actual
part where we turn these on. 813 Bionic processor, wireless charging, 3969 milliamp hour battery, so the big boy versus the fake lil boy. Four gigabytes of RAM, 12-megapixel wide selfie camera with a triple 12 megapixel
camera on the back. That could be the biggest
difference you need to look for when you pick one of these fake ones up, or a "used one" on Craigslist. Dolby Vision HDR True Tone single sim, plus an e-sim and Face ID. You ready Ev? Put the iPad pro away. First time I've ever cheated. So for the rest of this video, the one on your right, the one on my left, the one on my left and your right, iPhone 11 Pro, fake iPhone 11 Pro. Here we go. So just looking at the hardware on here, both have pretty clicky power buttons, this one ...
(button clicking) Ev, you hear it? It sounds like it's clicking. The real one? It's just more firm, it's
more subtle, it's humble, versus flashy and gaudy. TechSmartt verse every
other tech YouTuber. So checking out these cameras. It's got a little bit of a hollow noise, versus a solid noise. I'm not here to demise the integrity of a fake iPhone that's running Android, but we're gonna just turn
these on and see what happens. It would be so cool if
they just put USB-C ... Is the fake one not even gonna power on? I was holding it down. (imitating car tires screeching) We're gonna pull over to the supercharger. I just wanted to find out if the fake iPhone 11 Pro
has wireless charging. Now before I put it down I
should probably tell you, if it turns orange, it does read a wireless charging
Qi coil somewhere inside. Now what rate that charges it, I'm not gonna be able to
tell you in this video, but just bring a wireless charger with you if you're looking to buy
one of these bad boys. So it's white. You just were orange. Wow, it's defying the spectrum of colors. Are you gonna turn on? Maybe we don't have wireless charging. Now it's orange. Compared to my regular iPhone. Does it just stay orange
or does it go off? These are the things you must find out. It's not looking good, it's not looking like it's a real wireless Qi coil. Just stay orange, just stay orange. Yeah, we're gonna have to charge
this the old-fashioned way. Confirmed, no wireless charging. Whatever you are. Now that both iPhone 11 Pro Max's are on, and the fake one is
actually holding a charge, let's check these guys
out and see what's new. Every time a brand new fake iPhone, or really just a new iPhone comes out, fakes obviously come up, and it's really interesting
to see throughout the year how good they get. So it's 60 days after, here we are. Looking at just the settings, it's a little laggy. I mean, you know what
the iPhone looks like, it's pretty simple on iOS 13. But let's see what trickery you might not know about. Hitting About. iPhone 11 Pro Max. iOS 12.1.1. If your iPhone is running, well, iPhone 11, 11 Pro or
11 Pro Max is running iOS 12, run for the hills, or you might have got
a secret special device that you might have found
in a lucky charms box. The toys be crazy this year. All right, well, doesn't really look like
there's a whole lot else, just if you're not running
iOS 13 or you can't update, you're probably in trouble. No indication if there's Android 7.0, so I guess that that's just a given, 'cause Android 8.0 and Android
9.0 and even Android 10 have yet to come to the Goophone. All right, well, let's try out Safari. I always say that so weird, Safari. Got both phones fired up. Now keep in mind, the Goophone takes a
little bit to recognize which orientation and just which direction
it's being held in, so let's really just watch everyone's favorite YouTube channel, see how this keyboard is. Well, kinda good. Maybe it's me. No, it's definitely not
me, I hit an s there. And sure, we'll watch the new video that apparently no one saw. What? There's a OnePlus 7T ad. (imitates retching) Oh, sorry I got sick there. Sometimes ads on YouTube, they make me a little queasy. Here we are, let's test
out these speakers. Full volume, sort of. Whereas on the iPhone 11 Pro Max, you can see the volume indicator from up there. Okay, so at least the control
center's somewhat normal. It's pretty laggy. Here we go. Hey, what's up guys, can't
work an iPhone here Smartt. I tried, I tried. (TechSmartt videos playing on phones) Screen resolution I'll say is
no greater than a 1080p panel. You let me know in the comments what resolution you think this is, I couldn't even find it in the specs. It's improved, they've come over the wall, and we're now in 1080p land for really all the fake smartphones. Now of course on the iPhone 11 Pro Max. (TechSmartt video playing on iPhone) Do I always spit when I talk? All right, well let's see
what the camera looks like, we're just gonna keep going through it as we usually do on How Bad Is It, so we got photo, portrait, pano, video, slow-mo and time lapse. Time lapse is one word, and it's hyphenated on
the real one on my right, and then time lapse has a hyphen with a dot, because, well, an ellipses
is the only fitting word, because it's just too long of a word, you just needed two extra letters and you would have fooled us. All right, well let's do some videos. Test out that 13-megapixel camera. All right, bleugh, yikes. (phone pinging) Gotta love that noise, one's the subtle ding, the other's, your doorbell's been rung. Okay. Saw a comment the other video, where someone's like, you never seem to get older. Well, actually, I'm not just a baby that was born on a pallet. We're constantly being tinkered with. I'm a science experiment. Confirmed, this has been my confessional. (phone pinging) One looks like I'm forever blue, and could be in the Blue Man Group. The other looks like I'm just trying too hard. And I said it a little bit earlier, we gotta check out to see
if there are three cameras. There's only one way to find this out. What if I put my finger over this one. What, there is only two. Okay, here we are. Ev, ready, steady. Is there one finger over one camera? Wah doo. So that means, Ev, if we put
our finger on the last camera. Oh no, there is only one camera! But we are going to say there's three. I'm so intrigued. What quality is this? Even when you hold the phone in landscape, it doesn't even rotate the time. And another thing you have to look out for is the app source. One of the easiest things, whether you're at the
Starbucks, the Dunkies, doesn't matter, just fire open Wi-Fi, connect to a safe one, and then let's see what the
app store presents us with. The charts just have every version of the Japanese hit app, LINE. I love LINE, every time
I go to Tokyo, Shibuya, you have to just use it, 'cause none of your
friends wanna use iMessage. But, oh no, I don't think
this phone's from China, I take it all back. For some reason, the Japanese app store is just taking over here. I have never seen in any How Bad Is It, you can be the judge if you
hit the link in the description and check the playlist, on any one of these real
versus fakes with an iPhone, four Japanese LINE apps
ready to be installed. You pick your version, doesn't matter, you could go with the latest
or you could go with the worst. All jokes aside, we're
gonna try to download it, I'm not installing an account
or setting up an account. You have to install an
account on a phone like this. It's just a little bit more
than your standard commitment, putting a ring on it. And the way it downloads, look at this. It's like a progress bar on the app. Apple, I think that
could be something cool, but a little something iOS 90. Think the only thing left to do is see if the LINE app downloaded
with or without an account. Nope, you still gotta make one. We are not doing that if the safety of whatever
email that I just made, and really want to keep protected, I think we just try out Face ID and you know exactly what to
look for on this How Bad Is It. Didn't even give me a fight, didn't even give the iPhone 11 a fight. So even with Face ID, you're not even rotating your face, you're just holding it up, and that's a pretty blurry image from what I'm seeing. I'm gonna rip the screen protector off, 'cause at this point there could
be a camera in the display, not above it. For the sake of what's left of this phone. The first scan complete, now I'm supposed to move ... No, don't even move your head in a circle, it's gonna complete it for you. I think all you had to do was
just pop open the Face ID app at the Starbucks, and know if you're getting hoodwinked, it's gonna be pretty clear. All right, just for the jokes of it before we get on out of here, let's see how Face ID looks from the Goophone 11 Pro Max. Now it unlocked, that was not even a test. You're vibrating 'cause
you can't find my face. Jeez, now it's unlocked. This has been the iPhone 11 Pro max, how bad is it? Pretty damn bad! So I said earlier in the video this phone did not have wireless charging, that's because trying to
restart any phone from anywhere in the world probably won't be the best
with wireless charger. But you can it see here,
you heard it here first, the LINE app now showing up as I rotate the iPhone 11 Pro Max that's from somewhere
in this world around. Wireless charging somehow did show up. All right guys, that's
gonna do it for this episode of How Bad Is It, iPhone
11 Pro max edition. If you guys liked it,
make sure to drop a like, if you want another episode, make sure you guys get subscribed so you don't miss that episode. And I'll catch you guys next time. 