So you guys know I'm always looking for the latest and greatest gadgets And I just found this thing called the chocolate hub It just showed up and what's cool about this is it really helps out your MacBook Pro If you have a 2016 or 2017 one with just USB seaports And you have a phone that has wireless charging so pretty much matches both of those together in one little chocolate bar Let's check it out. So you guys this right here is a pretty cool product that has honestly changed my life If you guys want to check it out I'll leave it link down below It goes for around 90 bucks And it's still on IndieGoGo right now so with the new MacBook Pros at least 2016 and 2017 Models all they have are USB ports so you have two USB C ports on the side here And then two USB C ports on the side here and drop a like on this video you guys are in the USBC I'm kind of digging it I know it's still got a little ways to go until everyone starts using it, but hey It's the future so I said in my room turf you haven't checked that video out I'll leave it right up there that I really hate my MacBook Pro. This is the worst laptop Apple's ever created Out of my face never works probably because I drop it. I really hate the MacBook Pro Why because Apple killed all the goodness that was in older Mac books? They had a lot more ports on them And I know in the name of portability and design that they had to cut something and that's why there's USB C But it doesn't make it easy carrying around 9 million Dongles so this product here the chocolate hub - aims to solve that and it's still an IndieGoGo now So I am blessed to have got one early. Oh boy I'm blessed Basically what this thing is is it's a wireless charger for your phone and then built inside that are a lot more ports for your computer so basically you just plug this hub into Your computer it doesn't have a lot of ports so my MacBook Pro for example you get your USB 3 ports you get some Thunderbolt 3 ports you get a lot more ports in such a little chocolate bar side And it wirelessly charges your phone, which is pretty sweet if you ask me So let's go ahead and pop the top or slide this out I don't even know what I'm saying here and jump on into this candy bar I feel like Willy Wonka could have made something like this like that's kind of the vibe. I'm getting right now Paradise So it's got this nice tin can okay well paper work Stop not bad mean. It's ports. It's like. It's an adapter. It's the dongle to end all dongles, ooh That's good. That is really good is this is the dongle to end all dongles so checking it out It looks kind of like a chocolate bar I mean it is called the chocolate hub where the magic lies is on the sides so you have a USB C port here an extra one an HDMI port pretty sweet am I right you wish your laptop still had an HDMI port it probably does I just got suckered into buying this thing and since not every device supports USB C It's good to have the regular USBs right here flipping it over here. We have an SD card Everyone still needs their SD cards cameras haven't fully converted over and then another USB C port on this side There's nothing over here and on this side. There's nothing over here It would be sweet if the entire perimeter was just surrounded by ports I would love that, but that's not where it ends as you guys know this also has a built-in wireless charger for your phone So when you take the cable that's included. I mean any ospc cable is gonna work, and you plug it in so Plugging it in right there and look at it you have all the ports that you need to function No more Donald's and just plug it in to your computer Not only does it look pretty small you could easily stick this in a backpack because I know some of these other docks They're just huge look at this its balls But something is portable as this is definitely what you need So I just wanted to show you guys everything set up here on the chocolate hubs We got a display plugged in with the HDMI port. I'm already liking this This is gonna be a game changer for me got an SD card put in here. You're seeing it right there and Also something that I just learned is on the side the USB C power only port This is how you wirelessly charge your phone so this port right here You can go ahead and plug your macbook charger any other power source into that and that'll keep all these devices Charged and also allow for wireless charging because if you just use this USB port here This is just for data only no it's kind of hard to see just for data only so yeah fired up here But there is no wireless charging so you plug in your power source your Mac looks not only gonna stay charged You're gonna get all the ports that you loved and miss and I think it's looking pretty good. Seriously. This is really sweet I just got the room to her up here. It's nice being able to have an extra display Not a lot of junk and dongles to remember if you have a mobile setup like this is perfect That's pretty sure for this video This product's pretty sweet if you guys are new make sure you get subscribed With notifications turned on and if you guys are just joining the notice squad Let me know in the comments so I can give you guys a shout out make sure you're following us on the insta story That's where all the behind the scenes are happening, and I'll see you guys later peace 