(machine revving)     - I gotta rip this off so
we don't get demonetized. - I'm a YouTuber. - So, how this is gonna work
is Josh is gonna tag team the crap out of Wish with me. I'm screen recording on my computer. He's just gonna send me any headphones that he finds that looks cool. Let's just get right into it, Nation. Alright, so, (laughs)
what dude? They're the Nation bro. Let's just search for headphones, we gotta start it off super broad, see what we can find and boom. So, I think we gotta just
get one thing outta the way, we only wanna find over-ear headphones, that's probably what you're looking at. There's gonna be some
diamonds in the rough, so, no in-ear headphones,
no earbuds, just over-ear. $16, these look like Beats, they're literally called Beats Wireless. - [Josh] Yeah. I mean, they're definitely not real. - [Keaton] Gold and white. - I would do gold and white, yeah. - What if they are real? - They could be real.
- You don't know. - Yeah and then we resell them, right? - Trying to make a little cash here, that's what Josh is all about. Alright, so $14 if I buy
it with John, thanks John. Always love not buying by myself. - [Josh] John. - Usually it says buy with Keaton. - Well now you're buying with Josh. - There you go, I'm buying with Josh! $10, so, immediately we
got another pair here. All they have is white, but $9 if I buy it with Karen. - [Josh] I don't want white. - Anish. Awesome look, battery life
is good and decent sound, very comfy. My son loves them already,
great for his college dorm. Back to school, maybe? - They look kinda cheap. - Dude, it's all cheap, bro! But that's the thing, what
if they sound good for $9? - Oh okay, they are
good, they're $10, right? $9? Okay, for $9, we'll do it. - Hey, you can scream and kick and shout when all the headphones actually get here. Because basically, we could
just be ordering stuff, as you know on Wish and
none of it shows up. - Then I have to deal with that. - Whoa! Dude, (stutters), while
you're sending me those, check out these. Look at that design. Look at those photos. - [Josh] I like how futuristic they look. - [Keaton] Yeah! And, dude... - Aux. - Is that Bluetooth too? No, I don't know if
they're Bluetooth or not. What color can we get? Alright, just black, basic,
- [Josh] I like it. - but $7, good item, early
delivery, have not used it yet. So Tequila! Tequila! We're just gonna have a conversation here cause it seems like no one told you this. What is this comment? Have not used it yet, but
delivery date said July 13th and I received it today, June 20th. Josh and I, what, like we
actually thought for a sec-- - Too much sense. Yeah. - What's up with your
timeline there, Tequila? So daughter loves them,
sounds great, Rebecca, that's good. We'll hit buy. Tequila, we're gonna, I might
even slide in the DMs on Wish. - Can you imagine it,
sending people messages. - Just like-- - Hey, I loved your review on that glow-up speaker. It really may help me out,
listen to that together? - It really made me glow. Ooh, $13 pair, this one has some colors. You got some fun funky colors there. - See, I like the ones that are colors, because I can understand
why you'd pay for it. - For the price, it's awesome, they are not really noise-canceling but certainly noise-reducing. That's a win. See, that's why we're doing this. I wanna buy as many headphones as I can and see if like, for $1
that has noise-canceling, like, no one would know. - Yeah that's true.
- No one would even know. You have to try it to buy it. You have to buy it to try it, basically. Alright, I'm gonna grab green on these. $12.60, yes! Yes! - [Josh] Wait, get these glow ones. - Yeah, let me see these glow ones. - These are really, really cool. - Whoa! I found, not those glow ones, I found my own pair of glow ones, orange. - [Josh] Are they rainbow glow? - They are rainbow glow. But, the text could be
misleading, you know it's Wish. The photos could be fake. - I like how the background
is like, lava, or something. - [Keaton] Look at this, they just Photoshopped the headphones. - They're paying these
fiver guys a lot of money. - It's like the five dolla holla, like, make me a Wish photo please, I'm probably gonna sell
a hundred thousand. Alright, dude, they
look orange, they glow. - Is that reviews? - Love them, can't wait. Can't wit to use it. Sorry, Maria, gotta point you out there. She wrote it three days
ago, so I trust her. What even are these? They're like Beats Solos for $4, $3.60 if I buy it with,
whoa, another Keaton. And look at all these colors. - [Josh] Dude, light purple. - Light purple? Okay, light purple. That's why I got Josh here. - $6, or five? How much is it? - $5.40. - $5.40, okay. - Of course.
- I feel that. - Of course.
- Add them to the cart. - Add them to the cart! - [Keaton] Whoa, Josh,
peep all the colors here! And it's like, that's like a nice navy. - [Josh] Yeah, I like the blue. - That's like a maroon. It's not like, we're driving a Ferrari, but it's like, hey man I
got this nice Honda Civic. - It's like a California. - It's like a California. - It's not Italia, but it's a California. It's nice. - You get it.
That's why you're here. These look sweet but I can't see a photo. Josh, dude, they literally
uploaded a photo of it loading. - What if you're just stuck on that, and you thought it was
loading the whole time? - It's just like, you're
hitting your computers. - You just never, you
didn't eat, didn't sleep. - Corinne, love these, sound great, jah. Great quality, like, my
fave headsets, second pair. - Two pairs. - Two pairs. - Wear one, listen to the other. - Rock one, stock one. Same kind of thing. Alright, we got those in the cart. - [Josh] What is that? - Whoa! Josh, I see what you're talking about. Josh found these multi-color
ones, they all light up, $9 if I buy it with Leora. Very good quality sounds. (snorts) Very good quality sounds. Not even one sound. Two sounds. Minimum two sounds. You're hearing two there. It's soft and loud and I
like that it lights up. Michael, you're just giving me, I'm confused. Yeah, Michael, are you sure
you're on the right site here, I know Wish is only four letters but I think you might be
wishing for something else. Alright. $9 with Leora? Choose a size, what you can get non-LED? I want LED. Black, white, black and green. And it's sold out? That must be the hot one. - [Josh] Yeah, wait. Are they all sold? - [Keaton] Blue and white? - Yeah, blue and white. Blue and white, that's cool. - Can't go wrong, dude. Can't go wrong. So we got eight, let's try to get to 10. We're kinda running out of
new and different headphones. - [Josh] Here, wait, check these out. - And gaming headphones,
we're not actually doing, if you guys wanna see that,
drop a like on this video, we'll do a separate one
just on gaming headsets. They have so much good stuff here. You're just seeing it with headphones. Whoa! Whoa! Dude are those cat ears? - [Josh] Who's gonna wear those in public? - In public? I see the demographic for like, this. I don't know if I'd wear
it, my sister would totally. - Yeah, your sister would rock those. - Honestly dude, birthday's coming up, she's turning 18. Hey Carson, know you wanted something
big for your 18th birthday, here's a pair of $4.50 headphones. Not $5, we're buying it with Evangeline. - That's truly how you show
someone that you love them. - Get them a birthday gift from Wish. - Wish headphones for $4.50. - [Keaton] They have a wireless pair? No way. - Okay, that's cool. - But it's $13. So it's wireless cat headphones, 11 if I still buy it with Evangeline. Alright, I got nine
headphones in the cart. Let's try to find a super cheap pair, like dumb cheap, give me
something like a dollar. - [Josh] A dollar? - Whoa! Whoa, whoa. - [Josh] What are they? - What are those? I'm just curious. - It looks like the
thing from Reading Rain, no, not Reading Rain, the guy from Reading Rainbow! You know what I mean? - Is that the guy--
- But on Star Trek? - He was also in Twilight, dude. - The thing, like, around his eyes. What's that guy's name? Looks like LeVar Burton. - From Star Trek? I see it now. - Like, the thing over his eyes. - Yeah, I see it, I see it. Alright. Must cop? - Wait, they're headphones? - Yeah, dude, that's why I'm freaking out! They wouldn't be in this video
if they weren't headphones! Almost said something I
shouldn't have said that. I'm passionate about these headphones. - [Josh] Really? - [Keaton] Yeah, dude. - Dude get the orange gray
ones, or the red, whatever. They look kinda orange. - Dude it's actually green. - I'm colorblind, so... - [Keaton] Alright, got those
in the cart, we're at 10. - Alright so Keaton's mad that he can't find anything good on Wish, and I'm better at it. So I'm gonna be taking over Wishbusters, if you like that, give it a like, for me. But yeah, let's get into it, guys. (loud banging) He's back.
(continuous tone) - Imagine if I do this
with another influencer, or like, anyone else. Maybe that's a good idea,
if you guys want that, let me know in the comments
who should be a guest, maybe? Cause if I'm having to do this with Josh, I'm only upset because he
knows we do these videos and he's still like I'm doing
the Wish, doing the Wish. So just like that, we got 14
pairs of different headphones, all over-ear, could be the best. $308, we're about to find out. - That's my whole paycheck. - So the headphones took
about a week to come, but everything's here. How many pairs did we get, Josh? We don't even know. So we got one, two, three,
four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11,
12 pairs of headphones. So here's how this is gonna go. Basically I'm gonna check out each one, and then just for consistency, I'm gonna have three categories, design, sound, and build quality. But I'm gonna give it an overall score. Don't rely on the numbers too much, I basically just wanna find
out which pair of headphones is the best for the money on Wish. And I'll leave everything
linked down below, of course you guys know how I do. So let's check this pair out first. This is black box with five pairs of headphones on the side. I don't even know how I could name these. Says 6S. Shows Siri on it, is
it waterproof secretly? You let me know in the
comments, but here we go. Lankey? Yeah, Lankey. Ooh. So these are some Bluetooth headphones, these are white with almost
like, some rose gold on it? Interesting. Rose gold Bluetooth headphones. So it says, just do it, 6S. Don't know if Apple and Nike
came together all of a sudden, but I think they did on
this pair of headphones. Alright, so basically pointless
details on these things, feel kinda cheap, I would
say it's like a three, sound is gonna be interesting, (groans) I don't know, design, I mean they look like
Beats Studios, right? I mean, this headphone
design isn't really new, it's not revolutionary. You guys let me know how you feel. Do you guys like a design like this? A lot of these headphones are over-ear, if not only over-ear. So you got power, go back, forward, and then I think this
is like a menu button? Nice little light that powers on. So, we got a microSD card, which means these
headphones themselves can be their own music source. So, you just put a microSD card in there, you load some music on it, I don't even know how
much this can take up to, but I'm sure you can just put your entire playlist for
a workout, you're set, charge it with micro USB at the side. I actually need to extend these
headphones, do the extend-o. Here we go. Oh wow, these, Josh, ooh,
ooh. (inhales sharply) Dude, this is... I don't think we paid
more than $10 for these? I hope not more than $10, but, wow, these things, guys. I don't know if these are what you'd phone home about. And of course the music
we're gonna be listening to, is from the PB Jams playlist, if you guys wanna check that
out, it's linked down below, like everything else in this video. But it's my weekly playlist I update, and it's pretty cool,
drops every Friday morning, so if you wanna find out, like, kinda the new stuff we're feeling, listening to for pretty
much all the videos here, it's in there. So, let's do Thundercloud by LSD. Sia, Diplo, and Labrinth. Okay. Dude, Sia. Wow. These headphones don't sound that bad. They leak audio but they're over-ear, so. Could you hear me? Could you hear anything, Josh? Thumbs up or thumbs down? Can you hear what I'm hearing? Whoa, Josh gave me a thumbs down, he can't hear what I'm hearing. Which means these aren't that bad. Whoa, I'm giving these
things a four for sound, and honestly, I know it
kinda sounds striking, I would say four for design, I mean, we're gonna see
a whole lot of this, so I guess four is pretty much the basic what everyone's gonna get. I'm gonna give these a four. Overall, four on these things. These things sound good, dude. Next up, of course,
are the cat headphones. Josh just wanted me to
check these out next. What are these? I hope we didn't pay more than $25. It's been so long, I mean, a week is pretty long around here, cause we filmed so much stuff. But, whoa. These are, (meows). Wow so these things are definitely
a little more interesting than your typical pair of headphones. It's gotta be the leather. So on the other ones,
it had white leather, these have black leather. They feel a little bit more like leather, still fake, but a better
type of fake leather. And of course, we have the cat ears. So, I think there's definitely
a certain type of person that would wanna wear these, I don't know if I'm that type of person. Wow. These things can fit a fat head for sure. And I'm not even talking
about the stickers. Power button, volume up,
down, rewind, next track. How do you turn these suckers on? If the ears light up,
I'd be really shocked. Alright, so there is a battery here, I'm guessing you can make them light up, I think it's independent of, obviously, the battery in each ear cup, or just one ear cup, for the audio. Oh, they're kinda comfy. I gotta say, even if they're
max size, I'm digging this. Okay, some J. Cole Album of the Year. Here we go. So, what, am I about to just
drop a little rhyme there? Drop a little mix tape? So, I would say that the
design, definitely a four, build quality's a four, sound, I guess I just gotta turn this thing up. Ooh, these are really good. Maybe about to get the triple fours? Wow, alright, so these things are getting
a five for sound quality, and I'm keeping in mind kind of everything these things are packing. These cat headphones,
they're getting a five. These things are getting a five, wow. Next we got these Sennheiser lookalikes, which definitely look like
Sennheiser lookalikes. Borderline knockoffs, I don't know, maybe it's just this
two-toned gray on black. We'll see when we jump on into it. I think this was a more
expensive pair we picked up. If not, they're definitely tricking me. The box is way, okay. Definitely, I don't know if
it's a Sennheiser lookalike, to be exact. These things just look
a whole lot thunkier. We got a screen on the
side of our headphones. What does that screen do? So on off switch, menu, I'm
guessing it's also mute. So you got two volume buttons,
go back, and then go forward. Interesting setup, don't know how that's gonna entirely work. Okay. It says hi. Bluetooth. Alright, we got this like, screen. Waiting to pair. Interesting build. Extend-o on the head release. Yeah I mean, they're comfy,
they don't necessarily fit. These cups are really strange, almost like some Skull Candy type. I do like the Skull Candys but I know what I'm getting
when I buy Skull Candy. These, compared to the box, if I got this, I'd be way more satisfied than this. It just, it feels kinda awkward, but, pair it up, right? So, giving it a three on build, design, the box looks way better so I'm
gonna give it a three there, sound is its only saving grace. We'll see how this goes. Ooh, got some Trippie Redd. Sounds really good. It sounds really good. Alright, sound, giving it a four, these headphones are
getting a three and a half. And we're creating the half score as of this pair of headphones. I don't really mind
the design a whole lot, I just think my head's a different shape, where these almost come in on my ears, versus sit on top of my ears. And with over-ear headphones, they're supposed to be over-ear. Not causing pain to them. Really funky pair. Three and a half makes perfect sense. Alright so pair number four, right now, kinda my first impression
so far on the first three, we're in for a treat, all these sound way
better than their price, I'd say like two to three times worth. So these almost look like
the Fanny Wang headphones. If you remember those, you're an OG here on the tech YouTubes. These were these headphones,
they look like the Beats Solos, but they had no design on the outside. It could just be for the box, we'll see. Four in one? Bunch of colors at the top. That's kind of the design. It looks like it's blank on the side, only one way to really find out, right? Ooh. Kinda digging this color way. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, here we go. So, these look a little more
promising, they are compact, it almost looks like they cut in, but I think the difference is, these are almost small enough
where they sit on my ears. It's really based on
how your head is shaped. I know that's a little hard to measure when you're ordering
on Wish late at night, but the reality is, I
don't think these are bad, and these are gonna fit most people, the other ones I just
don't really mess with. So these, I think these are
a four for build quality, they're not that bad, they're cheap, but I think these things are
gonna be rugged, and sturdy, and, well, I was expecting
something to snap there. And the fact that it didn't
snap should be testament that these things aren't that bad. And honestly, sound
could make or break them. Build quality, design's like a four, build quality's like a four. I don't mind these things a
whole lot, it's kinda retro. I don't mess with the green necessarily, but I don't hate it. Let's just turn these things on. And I'm really digging this new feature. So, it's having microSD
card inside your headphones. So in case you don't
wanna bring your phone, pop an SD card in there
with your playlist. Usually you're gonna put like
an hour's worth of music, or just however long
you wanna work out for. This is really practical, and
I think it's a good option if you don't wanna have a smart watch, or you don't wanna have
something on your shoulder. So, All Washed Out by The Dreamers, again in the playlist. This is why we have it. You would think this
might snipe triple fours, four in build, four in
design, four in sound. No. Way worse sound quality. Way worse. These sound like trash! This is at full volume, this is a banger song. We leave The Dreamers wanting this. They don't want bad headphones, these sound like a two. So they get a three. Okay. We got another pair. Could be the doppelganger,
could be the improved version. So, blank headphones, these
almost look like the studio's, just no brand name. And we got the devices I'm
guessing it works with, cause it's wireless headphones. Computer, first generation iPad,
Galaxy S4, and an iPhone 4. Good to see we're with the
times there, Commander. Whoo! That is, whoa. Wow. Okay. So, manual. I do like how all of these headphones, they all come with aux cables. It does smell a little funky, I'm not gonna say that it has
or has not been used before, but it almost smells a little burnt. Interesting pair of headphones. Kinda messed with the
black and orange here. Cool, I mean, Halloween's
right around the corner, no microSD card on this pair, but if it gets almost like, a more rugged version of the last one, the last ones-- (loud popping) Well. - [Josh] Build quality zero. - I guess you heard it from Josh. Well, you know, the
good news about this is, around the world, people
have different head shapes, and I kinda mess with this. It's like, let me talk to you. Let me listen. Let me talk to you. Let me listen. We're gonna do votes. Ev, Josh, over under these things still play music and power on. - [Josh] Oh, 100%. - 100%? Alright, we are two on that vote, no one says they won't work, I'm gonna say they won't work. And here's my reasoning why. Why do we have just a cord dangling here? I know it connects the two headphones, think something mighta happened. Build? Gonna give like a two, design,
I liked it, it was a four, before, well, you're looking at it. Oh, it powers on! It powers on! Wow. Here we go, let's see if
she pops up in Bluetooth. I just heard a good noise. Wow, these actually sounded really good. Instant four. So this is pair six, and this is kind of interesting because, this design on the box, I hadn't seen a brown box yet, right? And it's got this almost,
like chrome etched design in. 57 ultra-big speaker, so, seems like this thing's
gonna pack a punch. If this is a 57 millimeter driver in here, these headphones are gonna sound
the best we've listened to. So that's kind of interesting, it's talking about the unrivaled bass so I'm gonna throw this a bass track. Ooh, ooh, what do we get,
we get a goodie box here. Is this just an aux cable? It is just an aux cable, Ev. They're just trying to fool us. But, interesting design. So I like how these fold up. Definitely feel more substantial
and just built tougher, but also look pretty swaggy so, four? I like the design, four. I think these things are
gonna sound pretty decent, I mean, look at this design. This is pretty dope. Ooh, and these fit
really comfortably, Josh. Band goes forward, but
doesn't mess the hair up. And it like, bends to the ears. See that, Ev? Like, pivots. You got this pivot here,
because it goes back. So on this side you got
your volume buttons, power, and then actually
I like this switch, so this'll let you, pause? Go back, go forward, do whatever you want. And then micro USB at the
bottom to charge it up. Alright, simple. These sound really good, on
the low end, all the bass, all like the, nuances and you know, qualities that make up a song, that you might not hear on
a cheap pair of headphones, you can hear on these. And I don't think this is
a pair I've heard before. This might be the best pair yet. Wow. Ev, these sound amazing. Ev's got a pair of headphones on now, I think we're giving him a switcheroo. This is the first pair of
headphones to get a five. Five all day, son. Wow. Alright, so we're back and
pair seven, we got the Hulk. I'm just giving them
funny names at this point. So Stereo folding headset, microphone, looks like
a pair of headphones, ultra comfort, hands free. Okay, another Bluetooth pair. And of course, you get the aux cable. That's just a given in all of these. I do like how, got these funky, like, cup protectors. Make sure no one's using your headphones ahead of time, right? So, similar design, probably the one we don't
wanna do a stress test with. Josh? Do we do a stress test? That was a very, very bad look from Josh. That is a hard pass. Alright. We got on the side here, oh boy, what's going on? What's with the volume down,
volume up, but just kidding, we're gonna give you a
rewind and go forward. I think if anything I would
wanna go up in the volume and on to the next track. But okay. Got an aux port, microphone,
that's distinguished, pause, answer a call, very weird here. I don't know if you guys
can see this too well, it's right here we got this
weirdly placed micro USB port, and an on off switch, that's like, tucked where you would not want it. But maybe your fingers can just sneak back there? Alright, so design, three, build, two, sound, almost sounds like a song here. I don't even wanna get it something. Let's try this. You almost have to turn it up to like, 90% volume to even judge these things. I'm gonna give it like a
three on sound, overall three, it's not a pair you're
gonna wanna pick up, but if these things are dead cheap or they're on a fire sale or something, these are under $10, you
can pick these up for $7, not a bad deal. Okay, definitely most
interesting box here. I don't know if these wirelessly charge, but they almost give off a, oh, wait, no, this what I like to call when you wanna put the
word Bluetooth on your box, but you can't describe Bluetooth. Environmental protection design? What are these, headphones
that the trees use? I don't even think the trees would approve of this packaging. Like yeah, that's cool, that's nice, yeah, we got a green screen in the box, but the reality is, I'm not, yeah. (clicking) What? These things just got too many clicks. Alright, so these, I think are the most
premium headphones we got. Weird, this is like some
airplane type stuff. Some first-class type planery. This is some nice design,
I'm gonna give it a four. Power, previous, volume down, right, we're seeing this
trend come on, aux in, microphone, looks like
some decent leather cups, and then a charger with
micro USB on the side. Alright, that's just a light stretch. Ev knows I'm not fully trying, you guys know I'm way stronger, don't let anyone tell you different. Alright, let's just turn these things on. Probably the most comfortable, yet. It's like riding the, the edge of, I don't
know if it's real leather or fake leather, but I'm okay with it. Here we go, ooh, I actually like these. Really good bass. These things are gonna four all day. Wow. Like the design, and they fold up, which I do appreciate. Wow, yeah, four all day
on these headphones, these things rock. Alright, so it seems like
Urban Outfitters wanted to somehow make their way into this episode. Just kidding, I do like Urban, but, this is the pair of headphones that could be the pair
of headphones you see when you're out shopping next, but you choose not to pick up. Cause you know your homie Keaton
showed you a pair on Wish, that looked exactly the same, and that's kinda why I'm doing this. But, I know the ones at Urban Outfitters, you can for sure open in
less than three seconds. What are up with these headphones? These are some futuristic,
almost like some chic stuff. I think I found these on like
Club Penguin or something. Okay, so this is our first
wired pair of headphones. That's kind of a downside
if you're asking me, just because, like, with design, half the nice part of it is
having everything built in. This is probably the closest to airplane quality we have come, the last pair are what
you want in first class, this is the pair you're
getting in economy. And not just economy, basic economy. We're talking like, they just
wanted to give you something, you know, your ears, it's
loud, here's something. Design, two, build, two, sound, I don't know if this is
our first two, but, okay. Alright, Ev says they're
coming off a little bit, you don't want your headphones
going like this, okay, you want your headphones going like this. This is a touchdown, this
is, you didn't score. Alright? Sound quality's like a three, I'm giving these things a two and a half. I think that's all I wanna say about them. It's not enjoyable. This is not the pair you want. This is the pair you see,
but you know better about. Alright, back to wireless headphones. Second brown box, we got the color blue. I liked having no surprises. Just like, nice little wireless pair. Let's see what these things got. Okay. Another aux cord. (loud thud) Wait a minute. What's good? What's good?
Come on. This is why we do it. I also like to see, based on the pictures you think about an item you're getting, you bought, whatever,
that's what's coming. These are basically the exact same color used in manufacturing. Ev, does this look identical? Ev says it looks identical. Alright so, on this side, it feels cheaper than the other pair, not having rotatable cups I feel it gets more of a premium version. I would give this a three,
build I'm giving this a three, sound is really the only thing here, same kind of controls and button layout, literally it just doesn't
have a rotating cup. Like, you guys think I'm joking. It's basically the same
controls on both ear cups. Just this one rotates
and feels a little nicer. So, we're gonna see if this
goes like this on my ears, or if it gives me the touchdown I want, and it gets the three for this video. Oh, wow, that's a tight fit. It's like I'm going to a
shooting range, almost. Wow. It's got some like,
reverse noise canceling. It says, hurricane turbine right here. I don't know if this thing's foreshadowing about what I'm gonna hear next, but to be totally honest I'm okay with it, it's actually getting me a little excited. Ooh, yeah, these headphones
sound really good. Both pairs sound good, you
can't go wrong with either. I like the tighter fit on this. I don't think it's gonna
last for three hours, but I'm on a quick flight, I lose these, whatever, doesn't matter, that's the whole point of this video. These are headphones you
can lose and not care about. I'm gonna give them a three. That's a good example of
headphones that look cheap, feel cheap, but sound amazing. So we're coming up, I don't know if it was
12, this could be pair, I wanna say 11, my math might be wrong. All I'm saying is these are
the coolest pair of headphones we have in the video,
almost best for last, but I know, I think
these actually light up. I don't entirely know. Here's the deal. These things are some futuristic things. Look at this. Look at this. Boom. So no aux cable, interesting. So these are basically
headphones, you can tell by the speaker right there, one right there, it says left, it says right. Here your nose is actually, it's actually really important
when you wear headphones, especially like this, cause
if you wanna live in 2042, you can't just wear them
like this, no, no, no, that is a headband. That is a headband gone wrong, this is not for your hair. Here we go, boom, rests on the
nose, you're in the future. I'm gonna give it a three on
the design, a four on build, and I'm gonna give it a three and a half, so overall three and a half on these. Here's the deal, these
things don't sound that bad, they look super cool so if
you're picking them up for that, solid cop. And for the very last pair of headphones, and then we're gonna compare
my top three favorites and find out what their price is. We got these, I think we've
checked these out before. They're wireless, they talk
a lot about stereo sound, but they come in a different color. Ladies and gentlemen, boom,
we got the blue light-up LEDs. LEDs on the side, which I think is kinda
cool with some headphones, blue color, of course
you can change and stuff, on the side, that's where all the jazz is. You got your play pause,
answer calls, rewind, forward, volume up, volume down, I like
when everything's separated. When it's in the same button,
what does that even mean? You're gonna try to go volume down, and you go four tracks ahead. That's just not practical. So, turning these on,
they should light up. So, these things, when you plug them in
with the micro USB port, all of them charge that way, a wireless charging pair
would be really cool. You guys let me know if that exists. But these things show a light, almost red. I think cause the box was just so beat up, something got knocked around, and it's not actually holding a charge. It recognizes it, but it
doesn't actually play anything, so this is just a zero, I'm
not even gonna waste my time. So, that's that. Those are all 12 headphones
that we found on Wish, they're over-ear styles,
typically the ones with Bluetooth, the ones that looked the coolest, come in at different prices. That's for you guys. So it's now the top three time. So after looking on Wish
for hours and hours, you probably wanna know, what's
the best pair of headphones, what are gonna sound
the best for the price, what should look the
best, what are the steals, you just wanna know the good stuff, right? So here are the top three that I picked. So going from least
expensive to most expensive, you guys could probably
guess, these were the biggest, these had the most bells and whistles. These were my favorite, but
this is where it gets spicy. These are $8 headphones, so everything's linked
down in the description if you guys wanna check it
out, and vote up in the iCard, out of all three, which
one you guys wanna pick. It's finally the end, it's voting time, and drop a like in this
video if you guys want us to keep doing this with
different stuff like phones, laptops, you guys pick. I'll be looking in the
comments after this video. But for $8, you can basically feel like you're flying first class, and you could be anywhere you want. I like these, and then of course, you got a little sister like me, she's turning 18, so
happy birthday Carson, I know you're gonna be the
coolest kid on the block. You're probably gonna be
the hit at all the parties. Just try not to have
a little too much fun. These are the cat headphones, $7. $7! That's awesome! So $7, $8, and $23, if you want something swaggy, something colorful, you can also get different colors. These things rotate, which is awesome, you can tuck them away, they stay compact, and they're also Bluetooth. Which is cool. I mean, there's no, oh, whoa, that's dope, too. Nothing like the hurricane. Guessing what these things are called, the Bluedio Hurricanes. You can then just go hard-wire,
aux cable, you're set. So whether you're charged or you're not, these are the best buy. So that's it for this video, if you guys can, make sure check out the
Wishbusters playlist right up here in the iCard, and
it has all the Wish content, and if you guys want another one, drop a like and get subscribed by clicking the circle
button right down here. Check out two more videos over here. Let's see you guys next
time in the future. Peace. (machine revving) 