- Hey, what's good, guys? Welcome back to TechSmartt
for a very special video. I'm here with - The one and only EverythingApplePro. - Everything Samsung pro! And in today's video we're
doing one of the first Samsung Galaxy S10e versus
iPhone XR drop test. Very interesting, what Samsung's up to. So roll the intro. (electricity powering up) If you wanna check out any of the videos link down in the description
to the big playlist. Didn't we do another drop test? - We might've, and you guys can find that in the i-card up there. - S10 plus versus XS Max. Let's un-box these real quick. I'll open up the iPhone XR. You're the guest, you
wanna open up the S10e? - Yeah, so what I can
tell you about this guy is honestly an absolute value that Samsung is giving you compared to this phone. But from a durability standpoint, it's got Gorilla Glass 5,
so they cheaped out on that. They didn't give it the
latest from the S10 Plus. I don't think it'll save it either way, but this thing is a little bit thicker, little bit thicker bezels, the glass doesn't wrap
around the same way. I'm feeling pretty good about this one. - What do you think about how it feels? - So much more compact versus the XR. The XR feels bloated in comparison. - Are you talking about the Juul XR? I mean, c'mon, man. So this is actually the
iPhone XR Juul Edition. If you guys missed that video,
right up there in the i-card. Basically, this thing sat
in a vat of Juul juice. It is still living, no joke. (sniffs) Does this got a salty smell? - I don't wanna get high, man. - Fair enough, safe man over here. You guys know what comes in a box. What's interesting is they're really pumping the SD cards this year, 128 GB. That and then the AKG headphones. You got the Galaxy Buds, you
probably pre-ordered them. Check the playlist down
below, we both did videos. So, what you can expect in a box. - The first real competitor
to the iPhone XR, and we're seeing it from Samsung. That's very significant. If Samsung's competing, that
means there's something here. Apple is on to something
with this formula. - If you guys didn't check out the giveaway video, it's right up there. All you gotta do is just make sure you hit subscribe to both our channels, follow us both on Instagram, and then just leave a comment on both the photos. We'll pick a winner in two weeks, we're giving away five S10 Pluses. Anyone in the world,
and you pick the color. Pretty sweet there, but with the S10e it's really compared to the iPhone XR. What do you think about the iPhone XR? - I've never really liked it, personally. I like the color of the selection, but it's not a good value in my eyes. It's too expensive. - Battery life. Do you think it makes a big difference? - Oh, the battery life is
great, camera is sound. It's the display I have an issue with. - You like that OLED, don't ya? - I like the OLED, I like 3-D touch, it just doesn't have either. - So with the S10e, compared to the S10, it doesn't have as strong of a display. It's an AMOLED display versus an OLED. That's right? - Yeah, but it's also Corning
Gorilla Glass 5 versus, we don't know if this is Dual Ion Glass, that's not clear, so it's a mix-up here. - You've heard it here
from EverythingApplePro and TechSmartt: basically for
two cameras on this phone, one camera on that, and no
notch, what could go wrong? So we're gonna do a
drop test and basically see how these phones fare
from a few different heights. We're definitely gonna test these out the EverythingApplePro way. Really get into it and see is this new Prism White gonna break? I mean, if you saw the S10 Plus video... - Yeah, these are also a bit chunkier than their other counterparts,
just keep that in mind. - Interesting. - Much thicker bezels, I think
they're a little heftier. - So in classic TechSmartt fashion, which now we've collabed
with EverythingApplePro, we're basically joining
both our styles together, and like always, starting off
with the pocket-height drop. I'm 6'3", how tall are you? - 5'11". - What we're gonna be doing is dropping each phone from the rivet on our jeans. - Just about there. - The last one right there. - It's not exact science, but when is it when you're dropping your
phone out of your pants? - It's true. I'm gonna start with the brand-new S10e. Sidenote: don't you just feel awful, always doing this to brand-new phones. - Every single time. I don't care if it's the cheaper version. - It feels really good,
and compared to the XR, if you had to pick, which would you pick? - Definitely this one, I love compact. - Same here. - And that's compact. - I'm just gonna get to it,
it was nice knowing you. Three. - Happy birthday to the ground. - (laughing) Two, one. (smack) I can't even look at it when I drop it. Alright, you're up. - My drop? Alright, here we go. - Bonus points if you hit it. - Three, two, one. (smack) I know a good drop,
that's the funny thing. By sound, I literally know
if it's a good drop or not. - We do have some glass here from the previous drop test
on Philip's channel. But starting off with the S10e, flawless. - I'm gonna brush all the glass off. - [Keaton] With the S10e, not really any prevalent damage. I'd say the screen is probably the first thing I think is gonna go. I don't think the back is
gonna have anything happen. It's Corning Gorilla Glass 5. - [Philip] Aluminum does fold in a little, so it's not as durable as the 10S, but it's not anything terrible, I'd say. - Alright, let's do another one. Dropping from the same
angle, top-down now. Three, two, one. (smack) - This seems alright. Three, two, one. (smack) Good hit. - Any damage on yours? - I would say no. The aluminum does fracture a
little, it's got some creases. Other than that. - [Keaton] I have a
slight nick right there. Is it gonna impact the
way you use your phone? No, you're good. Now dropping it from the back side. So Corning Gorilla Glass 5 compared to the S10 Plus, which has
Corning Gorilla Glass 6. Three, two, oh man, one. (smack) - [Philip] Here we go. Three, two. (smack) - So on the S10e the glass is fine, no visible cracks, phone
still works perfectly. - I've just got a bunch of
smudges and dents in the metal, but it's the glass that matters, and that's holding up pretty well. - Here we go, dropping them screen first. This could be it. Three, two, one. (smack) - Three, two, one. (smack) - S10e is perfect. - [Philip] I kinda like
doing this duo drop test. - It's nice, it's kinda soothing. - It's almost a challenge. - There's no anxiety. - Let's bet, 100 dollars
if yours breaks first. - I won the last video,
I won in your video. - That was five dollars. I say the XR is gonna be the survivor. - Big roller. - It's a more durable one in general. - Alright, I'll take that bet. The next drop is from head height. Again, around six feet here,
around five feet for Philip. - I'll try and match it up. (laughing) - With this, this is gonna simulate if you're obviously on a
phone call and it drops. Probably the second-most popular
way of breaking your phone. In three, two, one. (smack) - [Philip] Good drop. Three, two, one. (smack) Okay, let's see who won that bet. - Oh, baby! - I think we both lost
our bets, look at this. The screen's not cracked but it's screwed. (laughing) That's no good. - We both just lost the
quickest bet in history. Checking out the details
here, we have a cracked back. Gorilla Glass 5, definitely
surprising there. Did you think this was gonna go that fast? - [Philip] It was the way
you dropped it, honestly. But no, I did not. It makes sense, with
it where the S10 broke, right around there. This didn't crack, this
is just internal damage. The shockwave traveled through, and it messed something
up with the controller. - [Keaton] In fairness, though, it did have Juul juice in it, so we don't know if that's what caused it. It could've been a double injury. - This back's already broken,
why not just do the worst. - Here we go. Dropping in three, two, one. (smack) That did not get the back. - Three, two, one. (smack) - Screen, wow look at those edges. This is what we're talking about. With these curved edges,
if you do drop your phone and you don't have a screen protector, or you don't have a
case, these could crack. (laughing) and they probably will. Looking at the back, it accentuated it. Just check that out, that's not even where the impact point was. It was right there, or maybe we just gotta check the slow-motion. You guys let us know in the comments, and vote up in the i-card right now which phone you think is gonna survive. We have a few more heights to check out. How's yours doing? - Honestly, pretty rough shape. It's completely broken on the back, the front is still usable. I'd rather have it this way than cracked, both, at head height, just fall apart. Last one. Front facing, on the XR,
the glass still has a crack. We gotta do it, we have to break it. - Head height, dropping in three, two, it's good knowing ya, one. (smack) - Two, one. (smack) - Uh, yeah. - I think that's done. It always is with that sound. Yeah. That was a bit of a redundant test, at this point they're already broken. - Compared to the screen, look at this. Just a crack through the top, I think that was on the
last test, not too sure. It's cracked a little bit in the back, that's not a lot a bit. Would you say this is bad, or would you just slap a case on it and tough it out? - Oh yeah, case, no problem. With this, there's a key difference between iPhone and Android glass, Corning Gorilla Glass, is that this is completely smooth when it cracks. Here you're gonna cut your finger, it starts to jut out, so there's a really big usability
difference after it breaks, even. That's a factor to consider. - It's true. - We can learn basically that these will survive basic falls. Anything from waist below should be okay. But if you're taking it higher, if you're a high-risk person where your phone falls a lot, get a case. - Now for the final
test, we have a ladder. Isn't that intimidating? I thought so. Do you think the S10e will make it? - [Philip] Don't fall! - Do you think I will make it? So we're gonna be recording from the S10e and the XR on both drops. Gonna be dropping it from, I think this is, very tall, about ten, eleven, twelve feet. In three, two, one. (smack) - Let's do one more. Screen is too in state. - Second drop, same angle, S10e, Three. Oh, that glass is sharp, I can feel it. Two, one. (smack) If that didn't do it,
I don't know what did. - I think we got it, mission accomplished. - [Keaton] Yo, dude, put it down, here. I don't want you to cut your fingers, it's actually really sharp. Does the glove fit? - This is so extra, I love it. - The glove fits! Take proper precaution, here we go. - [Philip] I've been
cutting my hands for years, where have these been? - With the S10e, on the back, actually with the Gorilla
Glass 5, it is fraying, so you can feel it if you ran
your finger across the back. The glass isn't spider webbing at the top, just at the impact zone. - Two completely isolated
incidences here, that's crazy. Usually this will connect to the top. - Yeah. - [Philip] Okay, let's go from here. - Whoa, look at you, big baller. - [Philip] Ready, set, go. - Dude, that was so accurate,
did you see how that fell? That was an A1 drop. Dude, you just demolished it. - Yeah, let's see how that one looked. - Whoa, dude, the way that fell. - That's so trippy. - So how else is the XR doing? - Honestly, it's still usable. If you wanted to you could
use this as your daily, it's not cracked down here. - You'd need a case. You still need a case, definitely need a screen protector at this point. With the S10e, it's still usable, your fingerprint reader
is the power button, so as long as that doesn't get destroyed, I think you're alright. - I would say these were pretty
even in terms of durability. They both broke around the same areas, same symptoms, and all. - Does the Ion X Glass,
I mean, we don't know it. What do you think about
it compared to the XS Max? - I'd say this was more or less the same, honestly, the S10 Plus broke too early, so it's really hard to say, very similar. - In comparison to the
S9 in previous years, is it more durable this year or less? - It's so up to chance,
sometime it's more, sometimes it's less, it's hard say. - Depends on the drop. I think with the S10e, and the iPhone XR, you guys gotta battle that out
in the comments down below. Which is your favorite phone? That's gonna be it for this video, if you guys are new, make
sure you hit subscribe to here, and EverythingApplePro. Links down in the description
to the official playlist. We're looking at that camera. (laughs) Make sure you guys check out the giveaway, that's down there too. We'll catch you guys
next time, see ya later! 