- The water test. All right, so the extreme
AirPods Pro water test, if you guys missed that it's
right up there in the iCard, I will leave a link down below. Basically, taking the AirPods Pro which now our IPX4 certified
among the AirPods 2 or the wireless charging ones
than just the regular AirPods. And I saw a bunch of comments
right off the bat saying, yeah, I've had my AirPods in my pocket, did my laundry didn't realize,
and well, they still work. I didn't even know they were in there, I just found him when I put my pants on. Let's just put the matter to rest. This is the same box that
was thrown in the pool. Let's put that to the test. Oh (bleep)! Honestly it's in pretty good shape so we don't really need this anymore but let's see the AirPods pair. I'm not really surprised,
the case did not go in water but kind of interested
to see the sound quality, if noise cancellation, transparency mode, really what the fidelity
and frequencies like. Because the frequency once the right one hit the bottom of the pool was just like an ear piercing noise. So I'm getting the demo because
I don't think these AirPods remember that they were paired. So, I mean, everything
kind of sounds normal. I have, well, let's see what mode I'm in. Noise cancellation mode and
definitely sounds reduced. Yeah, it doesn't really sound
like there's any difference. Hmm, all right. Transparency mode,
yeah, I can hear myself. I mean, kind of one of the
other comments that I saw and this would make sense
is a high-pitched frequency in a product like this is
just trying to eject water. That's that's all it wants to do, it just wants to get rid of the water because well, like the Apple Watch when it gets water in the
digital crown you can eject it. It doesn't make a high-pitched noise but you can kind of feel a vibration because well, it's
working all the water out. So if that's how these
accomplished ejection of any liquid I get it and definitely steer clear of putting 'em back in your ears. You probably just heard
that that noise only a dog. For probably maybe a day, a few hours, I don't really know yet but that's what we're gonna find out. so let's fire up Spotify, let's see if this makes any difference. No mode, okay. Sounds, oh we got. I heard it, I heard it, I heard it. Right out of the gate when
Lil' Peep's "When I Lie" hits you just hear the bass and
the first time it came on, like this is the biggest deal ever, right, I heard a little crackle. That was it, just a
little clip, very subtle, but I'm here to let you know
the bass sounds just as good, I don't want to say as brand new but it's really hard to tell
that these were in a pool, let alone one of them hit
the bottom of the pool. It would make sense if one
sounded better than the other, kind of like in the video. But 24 hours after this water test, sounds just as good. Let's try out another song. Sheck Wes. Sounds exactly the
same, transparency mode, I cannot hear myself, all
right, maybe a little bit. And outside of these
guys being super small if you are still stuck on the AirPods 2 wanting maybe upgrade to the AirPiods Pro, video up in the iCard if
there's really a $50 difference because I can say from
the one feature we tested, not really tested, just try
it out to make sure it worked, is the IPX4 water resistance. I'm gonna go out on a limb
and say these are waterproof. you can, well, like your
AirPods 1, AirPods 2, be okay if they end up in your pockets and they go through a wash. I think this is the
pair now more than ever where you're not gonna see any
difference, any degradation, that's what Apple basically
has made these to be. All I can say is if these
do fall in the pool, if these do sit in water for, well, a long period of time. I'm more of a Kirkland kind of guy but, yeah, just contaminated it. So with these AirPod Pros still working, still functioning perfectly
fine, the last comment was, what would happen if
you left them in water for a significant amount of time. And not just a standalone
environment, oh no. I feel like this is just a sign, don't. It's getting nice and moist. Putting 'em right on in there. Well, if this was younger
Keaton and younger Smart probably woulda drank from these. But the real question is, are they still connected to Bluetooth? Oh my, dude, no way, you're kidding me. It's not, you know, the
wildest thing in the world. Yep, we're still connected to Bluetooth. Wanna play some music
through the water bottle, you ever heard about that hack? To answer everyone's question with the AirPods Pro ultimate water test, I think that's what we
got a title this one, we're gonna leave these
in the water bottle until we feel like taking them out. This is gonna be the science experiment, maybe we just leave it all of November? What do you think about that? Just let your ears be on free. Soar. (high pitched ringing) No way, EV and I were like,
dude, it's the neighbors again. You heard that high-pitched
noise, I think we got it. It just started to whistle. And right now we're in L.A.,
it is 5:08 p.m., November 2nd. I have a few trips coming up. We're going a few different continents and Ev, any predictions? Do you think the AirPods
Pro will still work? - [Ev] I don't. - Ev says they won't. I think he might be right, I'm
gonna say they won't either because battery submersion for, I don't even know how long I'm feeling, it just can't be good. But there's really only
one way to find out. (calm music) Hi. It's 7:34 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, were coming up on the full 24-hour mark. in fairness, I did have to empty it out, I had to go to a second security check. So we're just gonna get a
nice submersion in there. Hopefully they don't
make me empty this out when I get to Lisbon, Portugal. So the big update and kind
of where this wraps up, we've now passed the 48-hour mark. I got the iPad cam here,
it is 10:37 in Los Angeles, just kind of coming up on Tuesday. It's already Tuesday here in Portugal but the big thing that
we need to find out is, it's like a beauty video, get your hand up close so it can focus,. is if the AirPods Pro
really after 48 hours, they are surviving, if there's
even any sound quality, if there's any connection. So after 48 hours of full
submersion and in a new continent, I think, yeah, maybe a new hemisphere, definitely a new hemisphere, The looks that I got from
people, am I going to need some way to just, rip
this bottle open, yeah. There's really only one
thing left to figure out. Do the AirPods Pro secretly
have a waterproof function? I can't really tell you as it's 6:37 in the morning here in Portugal. But what I can tell you is
I have a fully charged case, hope this doesn't ruin the case. you can see the AirPods
Pro, if this works. If this work, no way, there's no way. It's connecting, these
things are so resilient. Whoa Keaton's AirPods Pro 2. Zero percent of the left one,
48% percent on the right one. Do I think they're gonna sound the same? (high pitched ringing) What? Didn't even have a noise cancellation. (high pitched ringing) Yeah, it's trying to connect to my iPhone. The left one is making the
worst noise that I described, well, in the first test when it hit water. Please, please don't. I know, this is the first
time I'm gonna say it. Oh my gosh, no! It's wanting noise
cancellation mode somehow, someway, some why. (high pitched ringing) So it doesn't have any mode on here, well, I guess now it's in
noise cancellation mode. We turn it off, see how that sounds. It sounds a little bit
faded, reduced to like, I think the fact that it's still probably has water somewhere in between it. Try transparency mode. Hello, one check, check. Yeah, that doesn't sound like it's making a transparent difference so, AirPods Pro, secretly waterproof, I think we could say it, for one of 'em. Not totally. Does force sensors still work? Ooh. (calm music) Ooh, I'm on one. Well, literally I'm on one AirPod Pro. ♪ I got water in my AirPods Pro ♪ ♪ you know what happened at my left one ♪ ♪ it just went out the door ♪ That's gonna do it for this video, if you guys made it to the
end make sure to drop a like and comment down below what the next crazy AirPods Pro tests should be. These things are way better
than Apple wants you to think. Get subscribed if you guys are new and I'll catch you guys in the next one. 