- Hey, what's good guys? Welcome back to TechSmartt
for another exciting video. I don't really know basketball that well, but in this one, I'm gonna try to learn. We're gonna be playing some
NBA 2K on a sweet gaming setup. Roll the intro. This one's gonna be fun. I thought I had that. (machine booting up) So you know I've been
trying to get into gaming. I've been playing a little
bit of Apex Legends, a little bit of Fortnite. Mostly on PSN. So if you wanna add me,
it's just TechSmartt. If you see me on there,
definitely come play with me. But in this video, things
kind of take a twist. So big thanks to ViewSonic
for sponsoring this one. If you guys wanna check out the new PX727, link down in the description. And what's really sweet, is I've teamed up with them
to give away two tickets to the NCAA national
championship on April 8th. So all you have to do to enter
is make sure you subscribe. Instructions are down below or on screen, whatever's easiest. I know I talk fast. Make sure you're subscribed,
follow on Instagram. It's just TechSmartt, and winners will be picked on March 31st. Anyone in the world can win. And from there, dude, like
NCAA, that was a dream. Now we're about to play some basketball. But Ev, how was the last
time we played basketball? How do you think my
skills are on the court? (heavy dubstep music) Let me run you through my
perfect NCAA March Madness setup. So up first is the ViewSonic PX727 4K, and you guys know I
checked out the PX725 HD. It has lifelike color and more. Both made by ViewSonic, but
this guy is way different. This is a true 4K projector
and some of the tech specs kind of similar to the PX725 HD. 2,200 lumens. Up to 300 inches of
projection, which is crazy. 300 inches, Ev, think about that. That's bigger than what we got, bro. It has also HDR support
and the RGBRGB color wheel, which always it to cover up
to 96 percent of Rec. 709. And you're probably thinking, Keaton, stop it with the tech specs. You're tech smart, but not really. All you know is about the remote. This is where it gets crazy. So, with a lot of 4K projectors and most projectors out
there, they pixel shift. So they don't take a 3840 by 2160 pixel, which is 4K or ultra HD, and scale it up. And I was reading this guide that kinda showed me, it's pretty crazy. Just looking at this Manhattan skyline, you're able to see the light pollution actually decrease as
more pixels are produced. So that's what a true
4K projector should do. That's what this one does. So I'm excited to see how
much better the detail is because there's also 10 bit color in here. And the difference between
eight bit color representation and 10 bit or even 12
bit is with eight bit, you get around 16 million colors shown. With 10 bit, what this guy
has, a billion colors shown. That shows a lot in the little
details in moving images, so I'm excited to see with a
fast pace game like NBAA 2K19 and with me throwing the ball
out of bounds, left, right and center, and gettin' fouls,
what that's gonna look like. And with Rec. 709 built
in, it's the most common color space used in HD video mastering. It's mostly used in HD, but it really is shown in ultra HD 4K resolution. So of course, got a PS4 Pro. Also playing on the Xbox One X. Whatever's clever. I've just been digging the PS4. I haven't used one in a while. Didn't grow up with one, but
got one and been lovin' it. If you guys wanna check out
anything, links down below. So we got the charging dock here for the PS4 Pro controllers, PS4 Pro. We've got the ViewSonic. We got a popcorn maker. I've always wanted one of these. This is the full deal. This isn't the sit on your
countertop, blow some in a bowl. No, no, no. We got a movie theater. (laughs) The last time we had a popcorn
machine, it caught on fire. There is a fire. I was not joking! I was not joking, we have a fire! If you guys missed that video, right up there in the eye card. So here's redemption. We're stepping the
gigidy-gigidy-gigidy-game up and I picked up a gaming chair. If you guys know of a better gaming chair, let me know in the comments,
hit me up on Twitter. I'll buy it. This is just the XtremPro F1. It's pretty comfy. It looked good when I
saw it, had to grab it. Now let's get this ultimate setup cooking. Let's play some 2K. We got everything set up for
2K, including popcorn in a box. Most popcorn comes in
a box, but I feel like I'm doing my man Orville wrong. Turning it on. No idea what to expect,
but let's try this out. Since this is my first time playing 2K, we're gonna jump online
and just test the skills and see how bad or how good I can be. The projector's super clear and
everything just looks great. Every color. You see the jerseys,
you can see the numbers, you can even see the fine
detail to logos, everything. So jump online and test your
skills against the world. Playing control on a
team or a single player. Can you become the greatest of all time? That sounds like it's me. So the goals of this, I'm
just goin' in team control. We'll go with the Lakers. We got Lebron. Hey, I've been to a Lakers game. I'm from Chicago. Normally support the Bulls. So there's three missions in
this: shoot a three pointer, shoot something inside the
paint, and do an alley-oop. I think those are pretty easy to do. If I can achieve all those, I'm gonna say I'm on my way to a successful NBA career. Here we go, here we go. This chair is mega comfy, though. I am digging the gaming chair. (upbeat music) There's speakers in the projector too? - [Sport Announcer] A Latin theme is the backdrop to tonight's festivities. - It sounds pretty loud. Obviously I didn't get a sound
bar for this ultimate setup. (loud gameplay buzz)
Ooh. - [Sports Announcer] It'll
be the visiting team. - Those are just the
in-projector speakers. They don't sound that bad. Obviously you'd get a sound bar or something perfect
for the ultimate setup. Did not even win the tip. Alright, here we go. Here we go. Ev, I don't wanna hear you laugh. And I got rim, but
didn't wanna shoot there. Let's keep it outside, keep it outside. I'm angry, if you can't tell. I'm very angry. (snickers) Alright. Oh, yeah, buddy, inside the paint! Woo! I know I just clicked
triangle and circle there. Nope, nope. I just gotta not celebrate
ever until I really am up. What was that? Is that a shot? Everything just looks so clear. I mean, this is ridiculous. Obviously I'm up close. No joke there, but let's try
to get this three pointer. Come on, come on. Throw it back out, throw it back out. Let's go, here we go, here we go. And the KontrolFreek fell off. I'm blaming it on the controller there. Definitely no one else. That was all me. Three pointer, ahh! Shock clock violation. Hey, at least the popcorn's a win here. (popcorn popping loudly) Maybe I should've picked the Warriors. Is it too late to start over, Ev? Alright, here we go. Just guard Steph Curry. Steph Curry's got 12 points
in the first quarter? (laughs) Anyone, just give it to anyone. (gasps) Will they get up 30 in
the first quarter, Ev? Any bets? - [Ev] Yes. - Yes?
(laughs) Thankfully I didn't turn
substitution on manually. I don't think I'd know how to control it on my first real game in 2K. (loud clatter) (loud beep) Everything's clear. You can see every fan,
their facial expression. I mean, they all wanted Steph to score. Oh, no, that was it! That was it! I'm gonna say that's a pretty
competitive first quarter. Ev, what do you think? - [Ev] Definitely. - Definitely a competitive first quarter. Let's check on the pop. Popcorn's done. After first quarter, get your
head in the game, Troy Bolton. How'd they do it in High School Musical? (crowd cheering) (light upbeat music) Popcorn's all done. How does it taste? Nice depth, really good
flavor, super robust. Then all of a sudden, you see Gordon Ramsay
knockin' on the door. What is this popcorn? I learned from the first game. We're going with the
Golden State Warriors. I'm winning this tip off. Let's see what happens. Boom, won the tip! Here we go, boys! Startin' real good. That was off, that was off. Okay, see, well, just give it to Curry. Send it back to Curry. Ev, do you see that rim? That was my best shot yet. (laughs) Gave it right back to him. I felt bad, dude. If I hit enough buttons, I will foul. Alright, come on, Durant. Nice, Klay Thompson. I blame myself on that. Coach, in this time out, we really gotta talk about strategy. We're only down eight. Strong defense, our best game yet. (yells) Alright, we made contact. That's half the battle. How about now? (yells) Did you see that? Oh, that would have been so money! Ah, you see why I don't game much anymore? Especially not sports games. Don't give 'em that three,
don't give 'em that three. Don't give 'em that three,
don't give 'em that three. Here we go. Don't! (sputters and yells) (groans) (yells) Just by bein' there,
I'm gettin' opportunity. You ever seen what a
four pointer looks like? Four pointer! We hit two out of the
three on the checklist. In the paint and then an alley-oop from one of our other teammates. Oh, look at that block! I'm actually gettin' it. I'm actually gettin' it. So, next turnover, I know
they're not gonna score here. I'm gonna try to send a three and that's gonna be our last shot. Shot clock, shot clock! Here we go, here we go. Let's preserve it and let's
get this three for the boys. We've worked so hard. Yo, can you get off me? Appreciate you. Here we go. Here we go, here we go. Let's take our time. We got time, we got time. (laughs) - [Sports Announcer] Shot clock. - [Keaton] We can put the three. Colors on here look real to life. I think it only shows in my defense and how close of a game this is. Alright, and three! We're gonna say, on a windy
day, it woulda got knocked in. (yells) Yes! (loud beep) Oh my, excellent release. I'm callin' it there. In total, dude, that's six points. Guys, that's pretty
much it for this video. My second game of 2K, six points. That is progress. All on the ViewSonic PX727 4K. Colors looked amazing. Make sure to check it
out in the description and enter the giveaway if you wanna go to the NCAA national championship. That's a crazy thing to
say here on TechSmartt. Never thought that'd ever be happening. So if you guys liked this video, make sure to drop it a thumbs. Subscribe if you're new, join too, and hit it up on Instagram. It's just TechSmartt. That's where all the instructions will be. And I'll catch you guys on the court. (laughs) Oh, this chair. 