- What's good guys, Keaton here. And today is the day all the
memes on Twitter became real. I'm sure you've seen this meme
floating around on Twitter that Apple's gonna eventually
sell a home button adaptor. You've seen it, follow me
on Twitter if you haven't, just @TechSmartt. It was a meme. I didn't think it was
actually going to happen. I even checked out a
home button that you can add onto your iPhone, or the back of like your
iPhone 10 just case. (phone dings) If you wanna do that, I don't know who's texted me. What's cool about that is it allows you to re-map any feature, or anything you really want on the iPhone. So if you want a specific
app, it's called the Flick. You just put your Flick
anywhere on the phone. You can put it on your dash in your car. Press it, navigation pops up. You kinda get the idea. So the problem with that is I had it sitting on my home screen, like it just does not work. You're not gonna miss
these two middle apps here. Just place your Flick right down there. And with the adhesive,
it's actually gonna stay. It doesn't look too bad does it? So it's finally come, I'll
leave a link down below. If you guys wanna pick this up, I think it goes for like 15, 16 bucks. But it is the iPhone 10 home
button and audio jack adaptor. It's all built in one. It's here. F, dude it was a meme, and now it's here. Go check out that video with
the original home button. I'll leave that right
up there in the i card. Here's some of the devices it supports. So iPhone 10, iPhone 5, 6, 7 and 8. Pretty much you're covered. I wanna know if this
works with the iPhone SE. I don't have an SE on me right now. But we're gonna try
this out with my 8 plus. Dude I cannot believe
this is actually here. Alright so, this is it. It's pretty simple. It's
just a home button adaptor. Just like, we see that every day. Who am I kidding, that's out of the norm. You got your headphone jack at the bottom, and then a Lightning port
to go and charge it up, because it is occupying that space. So, let's actually try
this out, see if it works. It's a meme. Is the meme becoming a reality. Drop a like if you guys
are pumped for this, and might even pick this up. This is the greatest gift of 2018. Bam. Doesn't look too bad does it? Think I could get away with that? Alright, I think so. Look at it on the bottom. You can listen to music. I'm gonna try that out. Wait, what? Oh it looks really hollow
on the headphone jack part. Doesn't look too promising. So let's try this out. In theory, I should be
able to double tap this, and all the apps pop up. That's weird. Third time's gotta be a charm. Oh, well that's kinda cool. So I'm having some trouble
getting the apps to open, but you can actually wake your phone just by pressing the home button. Screen pops on. Recognizes your face, you can unlock it. (yells) There we go. It takes a little bit of finessing, it's super finicky but
all the apps are open. So, close out of them. What would be really cool is
if this just enabled you to just be able to flick your
apps and shut 'em that way. I dunno, this might
actually be interesting if I use this home button
adaptor for a week. I dunno, drop a like. I'll let you guys know on my Snapchat. We have half a million
people that watch that every time I post. So thank you guys so much. This is some kind of fun. Let's try out the Lightning
port at the bottom, and then the headphone
jack, see if those work. And then this is a win. Let's see if this thing charges up. Plug that in there. I saw something, and
then nothing happened. It like stops charging
after its plugged in. Okay, so it won't charge your phone. Maybe it's just my particular
home button adaptor. I'm gonna try out this headphone jack. If that works at least,
I can recommend it. So we got the home button adaptor here, a pair of headphones plugged in. (music playing faintly) You tell me if you hear anything. Couldn't find any Bluetooth speakers that had a 3.5 AUX port on it. So, this is what we're getting. I hear it, you hear it. That sounds really good. Pretty clear too. Wait, what? It's only coming out of one earbud. I can't make this stuff up. That is the strangest
thing I've ever seen. Not really, but. What if I grab the headphone
jack to Lightning adaptor, and we try that. That's gotta work, right? Alright, I'm gonna try it facing down, plugged in with the headphone adaptor, let's see if this works. Surprisingly, no. Okay. Yep, still coming out of
just one earbud (laughs). So here's where we're at. Do you guys think this is
gonna work on the iPhone 8? It should, right? It's just a Lightning port. Oh, wow. I have the triple click
for the camera to pop up. So if you're old and you
need a magnifying glass, you can do that. Wow. Double click. (smacks table) Those are the apps, boom. I'm not gonna lie, this is starting to win
some brownie points back. Wow, so that is the home button
adaptor for the iPhone 10. The second Apple kills it off one phone. We have to buy an adaptor
to get it on another. I honestly was thinking that
this would work flawlessly for like 16, 17 bucks. Home button's cool. Headphone jack would've been cooler. So that's gonna be it for this video. Subscribe if you're new. Drop a like too. And follow me on Instagram
if you guys are new. That was one big ride, so
I'll see you guys next time. Holy, wow, peace. 