What's good guys Keaton here. So in front of me I have two phones a galaxy S9 plus and then an iPhone X. Quickly vote up in the iCard, Which you think is real? And which you think is fake? Gotcha! The S9 is actually fake and the iPhone X is too - these are just both fake boxes with fake phones inside. So basically the Galaxy S9 is officially set to drop February 25th in Barcelona, Spain at Mobile World Congress. I myself might actually be there, so make sure you guys keep it locked to the InstaStory. So this is Clone Wars where I'm gonna take the fake iPhone X, and pit it up against the fake Galaxy S 9 Plus to see what's really good. So you might be saying yourself, Keaton, dude, like how did you get a fake Galaxy S9 the real one's not even out yet like do did you steal it like what kind of magic's going on? And actually my boy Aaron, Mrwhosetheboss hooked me up early so leave a link to his video in the description below. Again We got two fakes in front of us the Galaxy S9 the new one that you probably haven't seen and then the fake iPhone X. I actually did a video on this where I checked it out. It's 125 bucks I'll leave links down below to both of these fakes if you're interested. There you go if your phone screen is powering on white Getting a white screen here at start up you know it's fake. You guys crushed it... We basically determine how bad was it and it's not that bad. So let's just jump into the fake iPhone X box you guys have seen this. We're just gonna do this real quick. So box looks not too bad. I just got a flipped upside down I have to take a quick peek at that man does that look legit? They don't make a gold iPhone X, so that's how you know it's not legit and the reason I make these videos is so if you're going on Craigslist, you're not getting scammed It's happened to me. It's happened to all of us, but here we go here is the iPhone X clone. All right. We're gonna go and power that on. Of course It's already powered on and I have a QR code sticker on the back But this is actually the video where I sold an iPhone 10 to Walmart you guys missed that I'll leave a link right up there In the iCard cool what other accessories do we get get our charging cube, some ear pods, and then the basic lightning cable. What's interesting is... no lightning adapter. That's a catch. So some of the dead giveaways on this iPhone X and remember fakes are always getting better and better this might already be outdated, but this cost me a hundred and twenty-five bucks So you guys know with the real iPhone X there actually is a notch in place of the screen. So this is my real one. Okay There's the Insta. Maybe throw a follow down and then this is the fake one but you can see they just basically put a fake notch on the screen to make it look like an iPhone 10 also when you Pull down. Try to get in control center [Music] Well, sometimes it works. Come on, do it for the video [Music] All right. Well, that's also a dead giveaway. So with the fake iPhone X You can actually enable a battery percentage, so just go into settings real quick, battery, and battery percentage. Where as on the real one, you can't. the only way to check the battery percentage is when you unlock, it cool, And then you pull down. So this one's not even pulling down. Another complete giveaway is the installed apps. So you swipe over. You should see some bloatware. I know Samsung has a bunch of it. It's not too bad though on the fake iPhone X, when you go into extras, you see this random downloads tab and then FM radio and when you go to delete them the phone crashes, like actually. You can't actually delete them. I'm not saying another fail, but yeah, that's another fail. Now let's check out the fake Galaxy S9. I can't believe this phone is even out yet. Drop a like in this video if you guys are team Galaxy or team iPhone. I love all of you. I'm actually using the S8 plus a lot more just cause the S9 is about to drop. The packaging is crazy good. 6.2 inch screen... Rounded on the corners, 12 megapixel camera on the back, eight on the front, that's gonna look good. Okay A lot of the same stuff as the Galaxy S8. Let's open this up. Wow! I guarantee you. This is gonna be the same box. I have a feeling. Wow! Galaxy S9 Plus, okay, so here's the phone, the travel adapter, some headphones, and then just the charging cable. This is USB-C like the S8 Plus. I would die if like oh you guys had the real phone all along. Okay. Whoops didn't know. Take off the sticker. Wow! That display looks real good. On the back This is actually gonna be made out of glass. It's just took a plastic for now. Can't get everything right. It's plastic on the back. You know it's fai-oh! Maybe.  Yeah, no, you definitely know it's fake. Wow, we're in! S9 before it's even released. Wow! The S9 just right off the bat feels way better. Can I do it? Maybe? The iPhone tagging it. It doesn't want me to say it. I was gonna say the S9 feels a little bit better than the iPhone X. It feels less laggy. It's like a proper phone. How are the buttons? Volume buttons are solid. This is the Bixby button. I'd love it if they'd let us change that. It'd be great Samsung. Power button, the top, SIM card. USB at the bottom? And then a headphone jack. Kind of nice. Whereas with the iPhone the buttons are kind of cheap feeling. Kind of feel like plastic a little bit. The mute switch is just nasty. I don't even want to know where that's been. And power button on the side. It's not too bad. The Galaxy S9 definitely takes the cake here. And the S9 honestly feels heavier than the iPhone. I know 6 inch screen versus what wanted to be a 5.8 inch screen? I don't even know. So, one of the new features on the iPhone X is FaceID where basically it will unlock the phone with your face. Now on the S9 it looks like iris scanning is still there, but a new addition is the fingerprint reader. It's actually below the cameras versus to the side. I kind of like this. Let's see if this actually works. Jump in the set... I don't want my location on. Gotta love these clones right? And I'll say, for 112 bucks the S9 clone is doing pretty well. So we're gonna go into... Security, screen lock, fingerprint, draw an unlock pattern... super safe. All right now time to do the fingerprint. So, place my finger on the back. Pretty sweet. Alright. Is it just that simple? And I lock it. No way it's that fast. I'm not even trying to touch it and it's unlocking. Ready? That is fast. That is the fastest fake I have ever seen. Alright, let's try on the iPhone 10. So, there's no fingerprint reader I wish they'd put it on the power button. That was my idea originally. Apple doesn't... Apple watches my videos as you guys can probably tell. So Do the passcode. You set FaceID. You can see it's kind of like a FaceID. I move my face... It says registered successfully. I'm gonna turn all these on to see if it shows up. Sometimes it shows up, other times it doesn't. Well, like you just saw there. It's not choosing to show up. So... Wow! fingerprint reader lightning fast. Wow, dude, setting up Iris was that fast. Alright, let's see if it unlocks it with my eyes. Yeah, it's called Iris. Oh, Kyle you cracked the code! Iris is Siri backwards. You cracked the code. It makes sense all along. I was just gonna give the Nicolas Cage reference. What's in the bag? A shark or something? Next up something I always love to test is the camera. Sometimes the fakes have good cameras, other times they don't. Let's start with the iPhone X, not a bad photo. Doesn't look too bad. Let me know in the comments how you guys feel. Wow, that looks like the worst photo I've ever seen. Now on the fake, S9, it looks dramatically better. Maybe not... I don't know. Uh, it's, I feel like the iPhone X is a little bit more color and saturation. This just looks like a sad pale kid. iPhone wins here. Also, I don't know. I'm just looking at the screen now. The screen on the S9 looks way better than the fake iPhone X. But these bezels though. I don't I don't think this is gonna be real. I think it might just be the fake one. Look how thick these bezels are. No way Samsung is doing this. No way. So in Clone Wars there can only be one winner and I'm gonna have to give it o the S9 Plus. This thing is way better than the fake iPhone X, and the real S9 hasn't even come out yet. So that's gonna do it for this video. Make sure you guys get subscribed with notifications turned on if you're new and let me know in the comments if you guys are just turning notifications on. Follow us on the InstaStory cause that's where all behind the scenes happen. You guys saw this first. I'll see you guys later! Peace! 