- Hey what's up guys,
welcome back to Tech Smart for another episode of 'How Bad Is it?' the show where we check
out a real and a fake pair. So for $80, how bad could it be? So yeah guys, if you are
new to 'How Bad Is it?' make sure you get subscribed, check out the I-card right
up there with all the videos. One just dropped on a fake
iPhone 11 Pro that's $135, but that's not in this one, this one's all about the AirPods Pro. So right in front of me I
have 2 boxes and as usual, you guys have to guess up in the I-Card. We're gonna call this box
number one, box number 2. Ev, which one do you
think is real and fake? Save it! Vote up in the I-Card. If you guys guessed it right,
let me know in the comments. Here we are, a box that cost
$80, a box that cost $249, I just gave it away. So let's actually find out how bad could the i500 TWS really be. That's what we're calling
them, that's the official name. If you wanna check it out:
link in the description. And before any more of the video, a quick message from our sponsor: Have you heard about Raid: Shadow Legends? Not only is Raid: Shadow
Legends a turn-based RPG, it's more than that. It's an epic, dark fantasy
with over 400 champions, and the whole premise is it's free. So it's on the App Store,
it's on the Google Play Store, link down in the description. And I'm sure you've seen
some other YouTubers talking about Raid: Shadow Legends
because they're everywhere, They've had over 15 million
downloads in the last 6 months, so you might already be playing it. So, just add me I have
no friends on there. And what's awesome is
Raid: Shadow Legends being an epic dark fantasy, how it works is, well let's just open
up some ancient shards. So, these are how you
unlock new champions. So what are you waiting for?
Join me on Raid: Shadow Legends Link down in the description, and when you join you'll
get 100,000 silver, two clan boss keys, ten ancient shards, and an awesome free champion. Oh, and this deal's only
available for the next 30 days, so you know where it is,
because I've known where it is. All right, now let's
actually get into this. If you guys know how
'How Bad Is It?' works, we basically check off a box. And this whole series
is predicated on you, oh yeah you, you're on eBay,
it might be craigslist, you're looking for a local hookup. Well this local hookup could
come with some strings attached so, you wanna make sure you know exactly what could be out there if you are buying a "brand-new"
used pair of AirPods Pro you don't want any strings attached, you want exactly what you're buying. So that's what do, we're popping the top. For $80 I can just say we're
not there with the box logo yet so that'll come in time. If you google these, these
are called the i500 TWS. If you remember the whole AirPods trilogy, there were so many videos where
it was the i13s and the i12s Then we went up a few
numbers, back a few numbers. Then they worked with your
iPhone if you opened it up. The long and the short is: these are the top notch
knock-off or fake AirPods Pro. This is all you need to watch
and really buy if you don't really want to go get the $250
pair that you see right here. So, let's open up the box on the fake one. And one day, just one day- Like, what is? It's not
even the right back. One day they'll get it right. Just a quick little box-swap,
get a few images on there. I promise you, I promise you,
a pair like this will show up. These are the i500 TWS. But you know what the real
AirPods Pro look like, because, well you've seen
probably the water test video, these are actually secretly water-proof. If you missed that one,
right up there in the I-Card. These could be the stocking-stuffer if you're a broke boy like me. For the rest of this video: the fake AirPods Pro are gonna
be on my right, your left, and the real ones are gonna
be on my left, your right. Just so you know, these
are both white cases. I'm sure there's gonna be
accessories, some stuff on wish. Make sure you get
subscribed if you want me to maybe buy all the AirPods Pro on wish. That could happen. You guys heard it, I called it first. So, let's see what the differences are before we actually do a sound test. Opening up the fake
ones here, interesting, I can just tell right off the eartips they don't
look as high quality or have that Apple white that you know if you ever had an iPod growing up. The real ones here, I'm gonna
hold this one then this one. You can see instantly when
you pull it out of the case, just blinked blue. It's basically how you know
there's a battery in these, or they're ready to pair. So, in terms of shape and appearance, the only thing you're not really getting is the same perforated ear holes. Well, on the real ones,
because the fake ones, they're kinda like the AirPods 2, or the ones with wireless charging where you'll see what I mean in a second, but even on the back you're
not getting the adaptive EQ. It's just flat, it's basically a sensor. So other than that, you got all the sensors to
really pull off the look. You have these in your ear, no one's gonna know that these are fakes. Basically all AirPods these
days just look like AirPods. You're not ear-checking people. This is not the Yeezy Busta. So, there are dual-beam
forming microphones on the real AirPods Pro
kinda carried over from the AirPods 2 so you're not
missing out if you have the 2s, but you don't have the Pros. But with the fakes, you can see kind of a
cut out at the bottom for the microphone. So on the real ones here: flush. On the fake ones. I'm really interested to
see what these sound like, and how force- force sensor works? Now with the actual AirPod Pros, another quick and easy way is
just by taking off the eartip. On Apple's, the real one on the left here, you can see the black speaker
on the AirPod Pro here. Versus on the fake one,
which, is blinking blue. If anything's blinking
blue, it's not real. It doesn't have it, it just kinda has a speaker
cut out with a silicone eartip. There's not extra eartips in the box. Charges via lightning at the bottom, there's not an included cable. Button on the back to obviously pair 'em. And then the hinges: In the real ones, it's much firmer. On the fake ones, (loud clicking) Yeah, it feels solid. Now let's go ahead and pair these. I got my iPhone 11 Pro Max on the left, and then the iPhone 11,
two separate Spotifys. So let's see, this works
when the real ones are open. Keaton's AirPods Pros #3 Not your AirPods Pro yet, So, obviously this is gonna
work on the real ones. We'll put this in my ear. Let's hope I don't lose a
third pair by this video. Active noise canceling, well
it's not triggered, it's off. I can hear myself, which is
one of the nice perks you have. But we'll see if that's included
with the fake AirPods Pro. Hold the button down in the back. It just pops up saying AirPods Pro. They pop up real quick. 'Temporarily share audio.' So, I think there might
be audio share with this? I kinda wanna hit temporarily share audio, see if they really sound that bad. What are we doing with an iPhone 11 here? Let's use what one of the main features is with the AirPods Pro. Okay, not sharing. So, let's pop open Spotify. AirPods Pro, both are connected, you can actually see battery
life on the knockoffs. Finally, I'm kind of a
quick control setter. That's awesome. On the audio setting you can
see how much the knockoff case, the i500 TWS, has in battery remaining, and you can actually see how much is left on the actual AirPod
Pro that's in your ear. That's a huge improvement, that's a massive step up
from what we were seeing on kind of the AirPod 2s knockoffs. So, let's see if 'Text Me'
by Lil Peep sounds good. This doesn't work, I'm only
hearing it out of the real one. It sounds like- I know how this sounds. Share the audio now. Maybe this will work for
you if you buys these, let me know if this actually does work. But, now let's actually pair these to the phone that we
need to do this test on. Jeez, what a tease. So now that you basically know everything that there is to know about
real and fake AirPods Pro, let's connect these, see
what's up with Bluetooth, and see if there's any
of those new features like active noise-canceling,
well, anything else, like transparency mode, you
know what's good if you've seen any of the real AirPods Pro videos. So, Keaton's AirPods Pro #3, let's hope I don't lose these
by the end of the video. But that could mean I'm
jumping on the broke-pod train, which isn't bad, but it might sound bad, and they might be bad. So just keep watching. Let's try to connect. They pop up right there, AirPods Pro. Beeps once, you can see
that it's connected. Now jumping into settings, let's
see what Bluetooth's saying AirPods Pro. So there are no Bluetooth
customization settings, and that's to be expected, these are fake. But obviously on the real
ones that's a quick and easy, guaranteed test to know
what you're buying's real. Cause you should see
noise-cancellation, transparency mode be able to toggle them off, and, If they don't work while you're
switching in-between them, then they're probably not
working real AirPods Pro. Ev? Do I look different? Or do these look exactly the same? Could you tell the difference? Fake versus real. Ev can't tell, vote up in the I-Card! We'll make it quick and easy, I think you would be fooled if
you saw someone just quickly unless they're blinking blue, which they don't once they're connected. Pretty fool-proof. Now the biggest test of them all, how do the fake AirPods Pro sound? Now, we've got a few
different genres queued up. Oh. I played it at the same time. All right, how's the volume? All right, max on the
fakes, max on the reals. Of course, max on the real ones: super balanced, you can hear bass. It's just less trebly. And on the fake ones, it's kinda getting a
little tin-cany at 100%. If you go, okay 75% is
a little more tolerable. I'd say past that it becomes ear piercing. All right, now let's see the test. Yeah these sound barely worth $80. I hope these come on sale soon. I think rap and maybe a little hip-hop might give us what we're looking for if these just sound like trash. But I think at a cheaper
price, at some point, these are not only fooling your friends, but they're decent Bluetooth
headphones- oh, earbuds. Airbuds. All right, I've heard enough
of this. I've heard enough. For genre #2 we've got
a little bit of hip hop, with the Game and Trippie Redd's Immortal. Both at like 75% volume. I started the fake ones a little early, so we get to hear that first. Totally, bass does not show up. That's why we do the tests,
the three genre tests! Comment down below what
songs you're bumping this time of year. Yeah, bass just sounds horrible. It sounds like a wet towel being
thrown around on a sidewalk Yeah, it's basically
not, it's a locker room. You're listening to a locker room. It shouldn't sound weird at 75% volume. You know what that means, genre
#3, we're going even quieter For our last genre, we're
going a little house. We've got DVBBS and Dante Leon, Angel. All right, we're taking it
down to like 40% volume. Not bad, it's wireless. You're still getting your Bluetooth jazz. But do not be paying more
than $80 for a pair of fakes. I don't even wanna hear the hook, and I love the hook on this song. If I had to give it a one out of five, I'm giving 'em a three and a half. We're coming up with new scores
for this 'How Bad Is It?' I'd say it's worth $80. So you guys, that's it for this
episode of 'How Bad Is It?' If you guys made it to the
end, make sure to drop a like and get subscribed if you
guys wanna see some more. And we'll catch you
guys in the next times. The next times. 