Here's my iPhone X order right now. It is 8:10. It says my iPhone pick up time is between 8:30 and 9:00 a.m. That means we need to go and we need to go now No joke I'm always in line for the new iPhone every year I camp out I camped out for like a week in Australia you guys remember that last year was like two days This is the first time I've done an in-store pickup. I'm hoping it goes successfully I am shocked, and I'm not out there right now like everyone else you probably got up at 5:00 a.m. So I'm gonna get in the car, and we're gonna go now I just posted on Twitter that I'm heading to the Americana mall to pick up my iPhone X And any of you guys are gonna be there make sure you say hi. I just put it in my phone It says we're about 20 minutes away. I don't think I'm gonna be the first one walking out of the store with the phone I'm definitely getting one I think there's gonna be a line like I just know there's gonna be a line, and I should have camped overnight. *sigh* No good I hope I get a iPhone X (x3) I'm probably not getting a iPhone X What if they gave mine away, I know they didn't trust me because I was saying this to myself last year in line that I Should have new pre-ordered and done an in-store pickup and like slept in my own bed this year. I did that I hope it works. We are getting closer eight minutes away now. I hope we get one Oh, I don't have to wait like six hours cuz the lines huge. We're pretty much here. We actually made up four minutes I'm just waiting to turn at this light to go park down there and all right now We're about to go park the hype is getting real. I'm getting excited to spend a thousand dollars. Not really Normally, I'd let the escalator take me down. I am running and fast walking I bet this guy's here for the iPhone 10 - no one's here this ball at 8 a.m. Any other reason why I like this thing opens at 10 a.m. We go people here getting their cupcake on yeah, everyone's already got the right content Right there we made it inside that was surprisingly really easy do the Hat me the tens out wait a minute This is my first time seeing one This is the iPhone 8. I don't want to see this I didn't come here for this whoa Yo, this is it this May be thicker it is thicker, but like I like this y'all. I'm really excited now I've been playing around with this thing for like 30 seconds and not having a home button is kind of weird I like the feel I like how thick this thing is these guys like I'm so happy I spent a thousand dollars on an iPhone. I'm still am I right now, and I'm just shocked There's this many people that like pants and think they're gonna get one They're telling me here that they have like extra stock official show up people like Maybe I could have cast like I enjoy it so here. It is the iPhone 10 my new, baby Please don't break this one Keaton. You really can't it's too much. It's too much We got one these guys are waiting, but we got one Yes So excited got the iPhone 10 just chilling outside the store right now Gonna go and box this thing this was really easy like too easy. I want to get mad because it was so easy When you don't get an iPhone time and you got to do the dance Just got back to the studio, I'm so pumped to check the 10 out this is gonna be so good Here we go. I hope this phone's good. This year yo, hey. What's up? Joe are you ready got the new 10 dog let's do it It was a really bad high five so we're back. I'm so excited the experience was really easy I was expecting to just walk in there waltz in there get my iPhone this easy I was expecting a how to fight someone someone who want to fight me It was really easy I showed you guys everything on snaps here at the Apple store. Just getting ready to pick up my iPhone 10 This thing is hype yo you guys got to try this Wow really drop in the box here I think I'm gonna break the phone before it open so we got the iPhone 10 right here I'm just gonna jump on into this thing. I can't wait any longer It's nice. I phone 10 box. Oh, I'm so excited. I've seen everyone else's unboxings now I'm doing my own Let me know in the comments who else's videos you guys saw, I'm curious to know all right so pretty standard box designed by Apple in California I'm just feeling like I'm gonna get something else in the box That's I don't usually do unboxings, but we're doing what a day, okay? I've got the silver color I Don't think I'm gonna regret. This it kind of looks like an iPod Touch I Like that it's thick she's a Whoa that is way thicker than my iPhone a bus like I Shouldn't be surprised here. I'm not surprised, but I wasn't expecting to be this thing Wow all right Together same stuff earpods lightning adapter always good to see them including that still no headphone jack Okay, cable, and then it's the basic USB Wallberg the one thing on this phone. Is there's actually fast charging You can't pull it off with anything they include you have to use extra accessories you have to buy them I'm gonna show you a full video on how to fast charge your iPhone the right way sweet So let's get rid of all this stuff next year when its USB see There's gonna be some new stuff. We're gonna have a new wall brick hoping new Apple cord New lightning cable because it's gonna have us PC on it. It feels good. I really like this this This is enjoyable this is Actually really enjoyable whoa here she is yo that black notch since there's a notch at the top of the iPhone 10 cuz it's a 5.8 Inch screen it covers the entire thing It's pretty much bezel is you've probably been hearing that term thrown around a bunch this year I can definitely tell like of course you can tell it's a black knob just like let's just power this thing on It feels nice like I thought I'd have a problem with there Not being like a plus size as you guys can see it is a taller screen than the iPhone 8 plus But like the actual size Is smaller than iPhone a plus and I like it I messed with it. It's good I'm gonna set this thing up and there's no buttons That's throw me for a trip. It was throw me for a trip in the Apple Store, but now it's really setting it No home button we're just gonna be swiping. It froze its like frozen so far. Yeah. I put tons crushing it I'll I just want to jump on into this phone. It's like don't jump on interview. Yo, that's a fingerprint magnet We haven't even jumped on into this phone, and you can just tell there's fingerprints going on for days here I gotta get used to that just swipe up like I missed the slide to unlock or just touch I eat My feet used to face ID the activation servers temporarily unavailable Try connecting the itunes to activate it. What do you do in iphone 10? Why am I the only one having problems with this phone? I didn't even break one this year IPhone still it's not active I've tried everything by the way you got it plugged into my computer Nothing's coming up. I know there's so many people that have picked up an iPhone 10 But it just sucks because right now. This is being an $1,100 paperweight like this is a thousand dollar paperweight I also picked up something else for the Apple Store it's not an iPhone 10 not even an iPhone X It's a bunch of rocks What this is the new iPhone 10 and a half? Because my phone's a paperweight right now. It's gonna eventually work I know the carriers are like bogged down because so many people got an iPhone 10 it just sucks Can't even use it And I asked a bunch of guys on Twitter if you were encountering similar issues and a bunch of you guys said you were it? May take a few minutes to activate your iPhone I'm on an hour and a half, so I guess that's pretty much it right now for my iPhone 10 make sure you vote up in the iCard if you guys pick them up or not I definitely no I will let you guys know on Twitter if my iPhone 10 starts to work I don't really know I have some videos coming up that actually involves a screen so you guys will see that pretty soon Alright guys. I'll see you later. Please literally a paperweight after like three hours worth of trying We find the guy 