- Hey what's good guys. Welcome back to TechSmartt for a special episode of 'How Bad Is It?' Basically, the show
where you guys find out real devices versus fake devices. Because, let's face it, it's 2018, - The future's now. - There's so many of your friends, people on Ebay, Craigslist, whatever. They're trying to sell you a phone. Chances are, you want a phone. But what you don't know is the real phones from the fake phones, and
that's why this was created. So if you guys haven't
been following along, make sure you get subscribed, or just hit it up on Instagram. It's just TechSmartt, so
you guys stay in the loop, and you know what's coming out. Obviously, the iPhone XR
came out not too long ago, and that of course means, there's clones. There's people that are
trying to make a fake phone, try to pass it off. And that's why we're here to find out, between both of these iPhone XR clones, which one's fake, and how bad is it. So unlike some past videos, and if you guys have missed those, they're right up there in the
iCard, with the playlists, and I'll leave that link down below. In this video, we're actually
gonna go on DHgate.com, where basically, all the
clones, all the fake phones, that's where you can find a lot of them. So you're gonna see how
much I bought it for, I'll leave a link down below,
if you guys wanna pick it up. It's not bad. No shame to the site. I love DHgate, that's where
I literally buy them first. So, let's see what we can find. So, iPhone XR clone. So, that comes up with
three, four, four results. Now, check this out. Goophone, like slime, XR. And boom. So when you see some of these listings, some of them have minimum
pieces, or like order quantities. So, the top one here says $77 to $90, but a minimum order of four. I don't know if you want four phones, if you do, a little sketchy. Let me know in the comments why you do. Ooh this one's actually,
this one looks good. Goophone XR V2. There's already a version 2 of it. This phone just came out. Here's what to expect. Do you guys think we're gonna get that? Look's pretty good, $114. You can just pick a color. We'll go with white. Options. You can soup it up. Okay, so that's just storage. $109? $104? Or $99? It's time to find out, how bad a $99, fake iPhone XR, really is. So, here we go. Here we have it. You guys guessed right. The one on my left, the white
iPhone XR, is the fake phone. (gasps) (gasps) (gasps) - Gasp. - So, checking this out, you
can kinda tell which phone has been through a war zone. It's crazy to say it, the phone literally shows
up damaged, like this. The box, all beaten. It was bubble wrapped? I've been doing these video for a while, crazy to say, TechSmartt
will be eight years old. - So you just gon'
bring me a birthday gift on my birthday, to my birthday party, on my birthday, with a birthday gift. - Happy Birthday? - In just a few weeks, but,
I don't know why the box always gets like this. So, the red eye from XR is obviously real. You can tell when you stack
the boxes up side-by-side. A real iPhone XR box, is slightly larger. On the back though, is of
course where you can tell. If you ever see a box
that's blank, it's a fake, get out of there. That's just sketchy. It should say the capacity. It should tell you,
obviously, what it includes. The type of phone, how
large it is, the color. Really, all there is left to
do is just jump into each box. So, I've done an iPhone
XR unboxing before. With ASMR, if you guys wanna stab, right up there in the iCard. That was so much fun. The craziest 30 minutes
you'll ever hear in your life. We get our fake pamphlet. It's like maybe there's a huge market that I don't know about, of people that just love to use clones. I'm honestly about it. You guys let me know. Let me know in the comments
if you want me to try out a clone, for like a month. See how it really is and
what the experience is like. Cause yeah, we knock it. But don't really knock it
unless you've tried it, right? So, the phone doesn't come
with a screen protector. Okay, it does. But there's a plastic bag. Obviously, you have the
most sketchy, USB brick. Ooh, these actually look legit. Over the years, the lightning
(laughing) ear pods, have always been-- (ear pods rattle) You hear how hollow that is? It's not cause it's clinking against this. I take it back. - I immediately regret this decision. - And then, a lightning cable. So, that's what you get on the fake phone. Let's see what comes on a real iPhone XR. So at the top, you'll see
design by Apple in California. You should get four pieces of paper. And then, obviously, you get the phone with that classic screen protector. There's that tab. (plastic crunching) Pretty good looking phone. The iPhone XR is my
favorite phone right now. Still swearin' by it. Gotta few of them. You guys know, there's been a
ton of giveaways on Instagram. It's just TechSmartt. Obviously, the lightning ear pods, different case, not in a plastic tin. But something more paper. Lightning cable, and then,
also a two-toned Apple brick. But, no more sticker. So, this is what you can look
for in a real iPhone X box. So, when you pick both phones
up, just look at the finish. One has a really polished, shiny effect. The other, obviously is anodized aluminum. Kinda interesting. And then, lightning ports at the bottom, you can see the speaker cut-outs, power button, on. Ooh, so check this out. Where your power button is, and this is a dead giveaway, this is exactly what we look for. With the power button, it's
in the same spot as always. Right? It's a repurposed device. I guarantee this is an iPhone
X, somewhere in a past life. It's a larger lens on the fake
phone, than on the real deal. It's got a Two Tone flash
that you can really see compared to the real XR. And with the volume buttons, let's see. The mute switch is just lopsided. Only thing left to do is
to turn these guys on. Weight feels about the same. I'm starting to notice a
trend with these fake phones. Once you go ahead and turn it on once, or charge it up once, doesn't typically like to charge after. - Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? - So, this is crazy. This is actually a world's
first for 'How Bad Is It?'. I've been trying to
charge the fake iPhone XR for the last 10 minutes. I'm gonna pull it off the
charger, and try to power it on. It says it is wireless charging. But, I don't think that means a whole lot. When the normal way of charging through the lightning
port, isn't even working. So, maybe that will boot it
into, like a, developer mode. It's not looking good. So, I don't wanna say I jinxed myself. But, I actually ordered
the yellow iPhone XR, Just as a back-up. So now we wait. So, finally it is here. The second fake iPhone XR. This time, for $112. So, on my right, is the real iPhone XR. Then on my left, is the $112 one. Let's quickly unbox this thing. We already did it once, let's see what's
different the second time. So, right smack dab in the middle, we get one piece of paper. That's gotta be an all-time-low. ♪ I've got your picture ♪ Alright. We get to learn how to use fake Face ID. That's solid. Alright, and then here
is the fake iPhone XR. Interesting. Gotta love the Olympic symbol. That just says, hey. Nothings wrong here. - Nothing to see here. - We got the ear pods, lightning cable. Now let's see about this Apple brick. Looks a little less sketchy. There's no dot. So, pretty convincing
on the accessories side. But that's really easy to master. What you're here for, is the iPhone XR. That's actually not super bad. This is hard to tell. Your True Tone flash, looks
a little bit more flush. If you guys couldn't have
guessed, this is the real one. The left one is the fake one. That'll stay consistent
throughout the rest of the video. Just so you guys, don't really have to
pay attention too much. Let's face it. You're here, because you wanna
see a fake phone power on. Ooh, so let's swipe up. It's got a little bit of
a lag there, not too bad. So just looking at the two
phones, the one on the right has a glass screen protector,
installed from Apple. Really similar, if I'm just
looking at it from weight. It would be hard to tell, and just looking at the
volume buttons here. Pretty tough. Pretty close, this is definitely one
of the better fakes, that I've personally seen. Both take lightning, so,
speaker grills look really good, power button looks really
good, back looks, really good. From a camera side, I mean, we immediately gotta jump
in and test this out. They nailed four out
of the five at the top. There is no HDR toggle. Time-lapse, slo-mo. On Apple's, you can't
really see all of them from at a glance, but, I'm guessing they
just cannot do that. Or maybe it'll show up
on the third version. You guys never know. Drop a like if you guys want
me to stay with the fake phones and keep this 'How Bad
Is It?' series going. So let's take a photo. Not the worst looking image. Can I toggle exposure? No. So, the sun comes up. You guys know that trick,
if you don't, try it out. You just tap the screen,
and you can actually slide your finger down. And that'll control the exposure on it. Can I zoom? No. Zoom is one, two x. So, that's definitely
something to keep in mind. The iPhone XR does not
have a variable zoom. That's why it only has one camera. I gotta try out this front facing camera. So, on the fake one first. (shutter clicking) Then on the real one. Honestly, not bad, with how responsive, the fake one is. Some of these phones, they
take forever to load up. But this one's actually, semi-fast. I wouldn't call it a
daily driver material. But, I wouldn't call it the
worst fake phone for $112. And believe me, I've
seen a lot. (laughing) I've seen all the phones, and the worst, and the ones that don't even turn on. - I'm not mad. - You can tell there's a
thick bezel at the bottom, versus obviously, on the iPhone XR. They got it pretty much figured out. LCD versus I'm guessing what's LCD. Not super bad. Another thing to look
for, whether it's an Ebay, or a Craigslist deal,
always check the settings. And if it's on Ebay or an online site, get them to send you photos of it. Because you when you look
at both these devices, you can definitely tell,
there are some typos. So, on the fake phone, here. If you look just a little close, you'll see it says Apple ID, iCound. So, iCound is a thing? App Store is spelled right. Just really look at the spelling. Jumping into Face ID on a normal phone, you'll have to do your passcode, and then once you're in there, it shouldn't say any symbol in the middle. Don't really know what that's about. But I'm gonna hit add a face. This is what the screen
says on a fake phone. It should have little
notches around the outside, and really outer edges. So, lemme see how accurate this one is. So you just hold it up to your face, and it just loaded all the way up to 100%. So this what real Face ID will look like. You'll see these notches. So now that Face ID is
set-up on the fake phone, and the real phone. Let's see which unlocks faster. Not bad. The fake phone, surprisingly found it. Let me cover up the camera
on the front, and see. It's immediately asking
me for my passcode. That means it knows. But, like right there,
it's not finding it. Like, no shot at all. And then, when I really hold
it up to my face, it finds it. So that's obviously something to look for. If it takes more than
one try to get your phone with your face, chances
are it's probably a fake. (bird chirping) So, finally, we're gonna listen to a song on Spotify and YouTube, and
where it kinda got weird is, on the App Store. So, it's not like your
traditional App Store, that's one thing you
should definitely look for. Just hop right on in. If that's the one thing you can check out, and you only have 10 seconds before that guy's gotta head outta Starbucks. - Gotta blast! - Look for the App Store. Because what you see here, is not like the regular App Store, where you have Apps, Categories, everything just looks kinda normal. On here, it's got Boutique, Download Most, Popular Most, and at the
top is the Play Store. So, I was not able to find
another Play Store App anywhere on this device,
not on the Home Screen, or anything like that. So this is kinda the back-end
way into the Play Store. And then, when you go, like for example I wanna download Spotify. It just doesn't really download. So, the only Apps you have
an option to check out are ones that are
pre-installed on Android. If I wanna go check out
YouTube, I can hit open. And then, it takes me to the YouTube App. So I'm basically having to
go outside, to go inside. And honestly, I'm just
not living la vida loca. ♪ Upside, inside out ♪ And now, it says open? This fake phone is full of
mysteries, in this video too. So, is it an App on my Home Screen? It is. That took, really long
to generate just an App. I wanna know what it looks like. Okay, so that took way longer
than I thought, as always. Basically, I had to go create
a fresh Spotify account on the App, because it wasn't
accepting my real login info. So you know something sketchy's going on. And, since it's a free account, I can't actually see the playlist. So, if you guys wanted to
check it out, PBJams playlist. Link down below. Updated every single Thursday night. For your Friday experience. So, let's check this out and
see how good the speakers are. Here is, Alone. ("Alone" by Alan Walker) Is it clipping the speaker? Doesn't sound that bad. Until, I hear it on a real iPhone XR. ("Alone" by Alan Walker) Definitely louder. This one's not bad. So, there's no crackling. Sounds way better, you've hear it from AV. So, that's definitely
something to look for, just the speaker quality, and then let's just check out YouTube. I mean, to go to YouTube, we
have to go the Play Store. Alright, so we're going
to YouTube, to update. I think a YouTube App, might just pop-up. So, it's finally all coming together now. Here's what to look for, if you might be suspecting
your iPhone XR, is fake. Well, next to Spotify,
we have our Videos tab. What's in there, right? Well that's YouTube. So, they're trying to get
clever and hide it a little bit. I'm just gonna search up TechSmartt, I wanna watch a Wish video. If you guys missed out, the new Wish Busters season just dropped. No way. Episode one is right
up there in the iCard, or linked down below. Let's see how this looks. (chattering from videos) Doesn't look bad. Oh. Ooh. I actually am surprised. And obviously because YouTube, the App, is playing the video. You're gonna get a higher quality video. And it is kinda hard to tell
which is the real phone, and which is the fake phone. Because both of these devices
have LCDs, instead of OLEDs. So, this one's the fake one,
this one's the real one. This was the closest test yet. And honestly, the best one
I have done on a fake phone. Not bad, for $112. So that's it for this video. If you guys liked it,
make sure to drop a like and get subscribed by
hitting that circle button, right down there. Make sure you guys follow on Instagram, it's just TechSmartt. And check out these two
videos right after this, including the 'How Bad Is It?' playlist. See you guys next time. 