- Do you guys know, I love checking out different types of wearables,
and about two years ago. I don't know why I'm like, I don't even know my
hand-eye coordination. Two years ago I checked
out this Smart Ring made by this company called Neyya. It went for 139 bucks. Basically the ring sucked,
it didn't really do anything that it said it could do, so now, two years later, I have a new smart ring, it got, how much did
we spend on this thing? (beeps) $129 so hopefully, it's become better? I don't know. So let's go in to open this thing up. And what's really
interesting about this one is it's called the Ares 7 but on Amazon there's like seven different prices, so depending on the size ring you get, I got fat fingers so I had
to get the biggest size, you could be spending $30 for this ring, $200 for it, no one really knows
how much it actually costs. So if you guys wanna check it out, I'll leave it linked down below, and let's open it up. So, it's kinda like
every kiss begins with K, The same kind of experience here, you could propose to your
girl with this thing, it's looking great, the case
is kinda nice, plastic case. Okay, I'm starting to
get the feel for this and how similar it is to the Neyya. We got a little paper booklet here. You just gotta go through these things. Sometimes they give you some freebies, they give you a nice coupon code, little Papa John's voucher. I'm always down for a little pizza, little free pizza, that is. Manual, micro USB charging cable, all right, nothing really interesting. So this is where everything goes down. You have your Ares 7 ring. So it's made allegedly out of silver, it's got this nice shiny LED notifier, and then this is the dock, so this is how you actually
charge up your smart ring. Same thing like the Neyya one, I'm telling you guys. Pretty much the same ring. We're gonna find out in a sec. You can see there's a micro USB port, so to charge this up,
you plug in the cable that I just threw, had to go get it, You can see a blue LED turns on. So to charge it up, you
just set your ring down. You can see a red light comes on, letting you know your Ares 7 is charging. Put this right by your nightstand, set your ring down, you're good. So to set this up, you need to go ahead and download their app. It's feeling a lot like
the last smart ring, so I am super skeptical. Quickly vote up in the I card if you guys have tried a wearable before. I'm always curious. I'm using my Apple
watch on the day to day, or, well I'm trying to use
it like every other day, because it causes a rash. My hands are pretty much just a mess. So once you have the app all installed, it works for iOS and Android devices. And you fire it up. It says you gotta bind the device. Nothing like a little binding, am I right? So we're gonna go ahead and bind it. It's gonna search for the ring. After successful binding,
the ring will vibrate and then you can use. Bam. Just like that, your smart ring is found. Pairs to Bluetooth. Pretty easy, it looks like
they made a few improvements. I don't know why I'm
comparing it to the Neyya. This isn't the Neyya, this was around when I bought my Neyya. You have three things you
can control in the app. You have your notification settings, your SOS which will
send a friend like "hey" if you're in an emergency,
tap your ring a few times, it's gonna let your friend
know that you need some help, if they'll help you, that is. And then you can play around with it, switch up the different
LED notifiers on here, so if you want to change up
the colors, you can do that. Like in the last video,
it turned my finger like a purple crayon,
that was the top comment on the video. The ring finger work? No. That's not cutting it, we are going to have
to do the flossing one, we got the pinky ring on now. So to really customize it, if I just tap the light bulb here see the colors are changing, you can actually add some more apps if you have them downloaded, these are just some of
the few that I have here. So let's go ahead and
actually try this out, I'm going to have Matt call me
and see if the ring vibrates, that's what it is suppose to do, and we'll link the, what
is it, the purple LED. Let's do it. You can kind of hear it vibrating. Alright, well I don't want to be rude. Hello, send me a text Matt, I want to show the people
how this goes down. So I'm just going to hit Home on the app. Hi people, flashes green,
so it looks like the smart ring game has actually
made some improvements. So let's hop back into
the App and see what else. So this is the SOS feature here and what's really interesting is I've been using this ring
for like a minute now and the battery has
already dropped by 10%, that's something to take into account if you want to pick
this up, its not cheap, so when you fire up the SOS feature, you can customize it, you can put your name in there. I mean it's going to be
texting someone you love, or letting them know you need some help, so you probably don't want to lie, and then you need to set
your emergency contact. So to trigger this, and this is where I'm kind of like sketched out, you need to tap the ring 20 times. So maybe if you're in a fight
and you're punching back, you're knocking him out,
you're throwing some bows, it might trigger, or you
just got to let everyone know that's hurting you, just hold up everyone, gotta tap my ring real quick. It's just like, it's not convenient, it's not even practical. There we go, SOS message has been sent. Let's see if it comes up on Matt's phone. SOS, let's peep it, so it says Keith needs
your help right now, and it has the GPS
coordinates of where I'm at, where the last message was sent. Kind of silly though, because... I don't see it working. So unlike the Neyya, this is
pretty much all the ring does, it's kind of basic, kind of expensive, it doesn't really play music, or do any other fun features that it had, and the cool thing about the Neyya was it was gesture controlled, so
you could kind of swipe on it, I liked it, it was a much better set up, and that was two years ago. Now there's the last tab here that I've been waiting to
show you guys, it's play. So in play you can
customize the LED colors you can customize the vibration settings, if you want to have it vibrate
faster, you select that one, and this is where it
gets really interesting, why is there just a random camera button. I haven't even opened it up yet so this will be the first time
I'm seeing it with you guys. Would you like app to access my photos, no, like I don't trust you, sure you can access the camera too, and what is it, I shake
it, it takes a photo. Let me try to take a selfie here. I'm like that meme, that
baby holding his fist up. (laughter) So it's kind of a remote shutter, just really weird,
people are going to know you're taking a photo. (beeps) Just like, give it a nice. (beep) So you know, if you're
like on the bus or whatever and you want to take a photo just... Bam, like that, you got a sexy photo and then you can go and
check them out, going hard. And even with a smile on my face. Now unlike the Neyya which promised so many more features and like delivered only on half of them, the cool thing about the Ares 7 is, it has met expectations,
it hasn't let me down, it's done everything it said it could do in the Amazon advertisements, so it's looking good, now
there's one other thing, it's supposed to be waterproof and honestly it's just
more of a simple ring, you could give this to your girl, let her know you love her and whatever, I mean, you probably
don't want to say whatever like that's kind of a serious
thing, got some water here, just throw that on in. Let's see if it works underwater, if we get our photo app open. Oh no, we took a photo, Bluetooth
transmitted through water, just like you're on the
bus with your drink. It's pretty sweet that the
ring is actually waterproof. Fill it up there, get
your double styrofoam, give it a nice shake. We have so many, so many cords and ports like right below the table. (beeps) I think I see some smoke. (beeps) So I guess the conclusion
on the smart rings are if you can fit into the
smallest size of the Ares 7, it's definitely worth it, it's going to be about like 30
bucks, which is pretty solid, now if you need some of the bigger sizes you're going to spend up to $200, and that is not worth it, do not get it, it's kind of interesting,
it didn't let me down, so that's pretty true for this video, make sure you guys hit subscribe with notifications turned on, if you're new, and let
me know in the comments if you guys are just
joining the notif squad, follow us on the Insta story so you guys don't miss any of the behind the scenes, here with the crew,
Matt's over there smiling, and I'm married now guys, I do. 