- Hey what's up guys? Welcome back to TechSmartt
for a very special video. Right here I have the
brand new AirPods Pro. This is the second pair
Apple's dropped in 2019, and they're claiming it
has some water resistance. Let's put that to the test. Oh (beep). Little too early. Keep watching. We got the AirPods Pro here. Now this is the second
pair Apple's released, and the big thing with this year's pair is they go for 249$. Now these are the second one's that Apple's come out with. You remember earlier this year the 199$ AirPods with wireless charging. Kind of improved sound. But nothing as crazy and
design changing as the Pro's. So quickly what you get, for 249$, is a brand new, kind of designed charging case. Just imagine they stretched it from here, to here, and inside is where it's at. So if you're trying to figure out why you bought the AirPods
with wireless charging, not actually knowing these would come out, you got hoodwinked, yet again, it's Apple. So you do get, for the first time ever, a USB-C to Lightning Cable. Cause that's it. And finally, what else is included? Some adjustable ear tips. So the big feature's with the brand new AirPods Pro is
IPX4 water resistance. That includes being sweat proof, just a little bit of moisture. It's water resistant. It doesn't claim to be waterproof like if it was IP67. So that's what we're
here to put to the test. If these active, noise canceling, AirPods Pro, with a smaller design. Just look about half the size as the regular AirPods. Ooh. And one of the big new features, and that's basically it, is transparency mode. When you put them in your ears you can actually turn the feature on. It's software where it lets you to hear the ambient world, so. That's the AirPods Pro. But you're here to see
if these are waterproof. Now for the first test, the big thing with IPX4 is it's suppose to be everyday proof. So if you get sweat on a run, or you get a few raindrops on your ears, that happens, and that basically saves you from ever having to carry an
umbrella with the AirPods Pro. So we're at the gym right now, I am going to juice it up. Might be my first time on the treadmill. We're just gonna get a good song. It smells like Windex from
when we cleaned these bottles. If you see me on the news, you know what happened. This treadmill's really tiring. Been training for this moment. All right this treadmill really just, let's get it going. Come on you're making me
look bad here treadmill. You're making me look really bad. How do these bad boys sound? We're at full volume. Okay. So it says I have a pretty
good seal in my ears, per the ear fit test. Now can I shake 'em out? Jeez. I think it's safe to say
these are gonna be all right. The more time's you sweat though, of course the size of your glands, that's gonna play a factor. Wooh! Stays on. Even with moisture. And it's kind of like the
analogy of the Apple Watch, and their digital crown. If water gets in there, and you have to eject it, you can kind of feel it. But with these, not the case. Of course, if we go in the pool. Of course, if we go in the pool like the Titanic, maybe we can hear underwater? Now for test two. The AirPods Pro sound perfect, just as good out of the box from kind of the spritzer bottle test. So we're about to jump into a pool. But here's the big catch. This is kind of like a shower, but kinda not. This is full submersion. This is testing IPX4 to the max. So-- How do we do this? (water splashing) Well I didn't-- They're not playing music, sounding a little crackly. Where is the guy? Where are you bud? Why didn't I take this shirt off? We've worked all year for this! (beep) You wanted to know if they're waterproof, you're about to find out. If I can find them. They've been in the same
spot the whole time. Oh my God! They still work! Oh ow! Don't do that. Do not do that. Do not do that. Do you hear that? Do you hear that? Ow, ow. When these come in contact
with real moisture, all of the other moisture's not real, it makes a very, very, very high pitched noise. Basically tantalizing and
almost just paralyzing. And I know why, cause you're putting water up to something that isn't waterproof. Use that at your own caution. Oh my God! Oh no, no, no. Do you need to get the
water out of them first? There's something here, the minute I put them back in it sounded like everything
was good as new. Final time. Nothing's playing. Weird. Let me try it on the iPhone. All right we're in definitely, I think it accidentally
has cued transparency mode. Which would make sense why. I'm learning things I don't even think Apple wants you to learn. We're going into settings, Bluetooth, AirPods Pro are still connected, and transparency mode somehow is cued. So, if I turn that off. Noise cancellation still works. Let's go back into Spotify. All right it's a little tinny, like a little just ringy. It's unbalanced on the right AirPod Pro. I'm assuming it's because it maybe hit the pool floor at a quick force, or that it was just submerged in water, versus just being in my ear, kind of having that seal. I don't wanna get too scientific, but what I can say is
these are still working at around eight outta ten quality. Definitely. You can definitely hear it's unbalanced. The left one that didn't
hit the bottom of the pool, sounds the best. It works! These are waterproof! Nope. Nope. And they're not. They just died. Nope. Now they're working again? Now they're working outta both? I think these are waterproof. But use that at your own caution. Well, upon my own surprise, the AirPods Pro seem to
still be hanging in there. Seems to work. The right one's a little wonky, but here comes the real test. Yeah you can go in the pool, it's like you're washing your AirPods Pro. They're just falling in. But what happens if you
leave them in water? Well, only one way to find out. (upbeat music) So for thirty minutes, do the AirPods Pro? Well. This sucks. (beep) We got 'em. An I didn't have to jump in. So they're still paired, I mean the case didn't go in the water. I think that's a
completely different video. These probably still will work. Apple's not making those claims. So they're paired up. Let's throw 'em in the ears, see if there's-- You probably just heard that. That noise, only a dog-- Only a dog could hear. Stop, stop, All right, I'm gonna grip-- Yeah it's making something. So it's defaulting to transparency mode. Let me throw the other one in, see if it sounds the same. Nope. So it's this one. It's still this one making
a high pitched noise. The left one sounds perfectly normal. So for some reason, maybe I gotta throw this in rice, maybe I gotta keep this in the sun. This one works perfectly normal. Same bass, same everything. Throw this one in last time, crank the volume. Yeah you can hear it's just trying to, make a beat? But yeah it should stay on SoundCloud. So I think that's pretty conclusive. If you do get your AirPods Pro wet, they're gonna be fine. I think they're a little
bit more than IPX4. Waterproof or not? That's up to you. You've seen me fail a few times. So that's gonna be it for this video. If you guys are new, make sure to drop a like, hit subscribe. If you guys want more AirPods Pro videos, they're coming right up. And I'll catch you guys in the next one. Carefully, step away from the pool. 