- Hey, what's good guys? Welcome back to TechSmartt
for the first video in 2019. Kinda crazy that we made it, but what better way to kick
it off than CES 2019. After the intro. Jiggins, we're here at CES 2019. If you guys wanna' keep it in the loop and hit me up on Twitter, if
you guys see anything cool it's just TechSmartt
and make sure you guys keep it locked to Instagram,
also just TechSmartt. We'll be posting stuff up on
there on the insta-stories. If anything cool goes down,
like a self-driving Lyft. Dude, we almost got kidnapped, no joke. That's on the Vlog, that'll be
right up there in the iCard. If you guys missed that. Basically, this video is about
the best of the best tech at CES 2019. (woosh)
So I didn't see everything and I'm obviously not
gonna be in one video, but here's the highlights. Here's the stuff that's cool. Ev, dude, we saw a lot today. - [Cameraman] Lotta cool stuff. - Lotta cool stuff. (woosh)
So I'm actually gonna have a video come out tomorrow so make sure you guys get
subscribed, if you guys are new. And definitely check out the
iCard or the link down below for all the CES 2019 playlists. Some of your other favorite YouTubers. Everything's going to be in there. That's the go to, if you
guys wanted to see anything from CES 2019. (woosh)
One of my favorite things is kinda the iPhone innovations. So, Otter Box came out with an Otter Box, basically that has a
pop socket in the back. So, for $60 there
(cash register) and then mophie, you guys know mophie, they came up with a new battery case that, actually accepts your
Lightening Headphones. So, kinda crazy, it's almost anti-AirPod, but if you have a pair it
doesn't really make a difference, but if you have still held out, you now have a mophie that
charges with a Lightening port. And also takes the headphones
that come in the box. Pretty cool. That one's for $120.
(cash register) That was basically it for iPhone stuff. (woosh)
Another thing that was super big at CES this year is eight-K and just eight-K TVs, displays. (jazzy music) Rollable TVs, so if you guys
can imagine having a TV cabinet or like a media cabinet and
then your TV on top of it. Well, basically, a TV can
roll up and roll back down into what that cabinet can be. Ev got to check it out, I got to see it. It looks stunning and
we're, basically, there. Where technology is
now replacing furniture in a pretty clever way. (woosh)
Also, this new 49 inch ultra wide monitor
for the desktop is new, everyone has one, LG, Samsung, Philips, but the one that I did
get to check out was LGs. And it looked so good. They have a bunch of other monitors, too. One that has a GPU inside. So, pretty cool stuff in monitors at CES. If you guys are a gamer, those
are, basically, the go tos. Just check them out. This year I was not expecting monitors to get this much improvement, but at CES there's a bunch of surprises
and they all look super good. (woosh) And what's really interesting is, I just saw a few of my other tech buddies checking out the 49 inch monitor at LG. Saw Austin there, so
yeah, I mean, I think it's kind of got a purpose. (woosh) It's awesome at CES and
I'm gonna tell you why. Because you start to see old trends, kind of become resurrected,
like Google Glass. So I checked out this thing called, nreal. And what's really cool about
it, is it's a mixed reality kinda with glasses and
a hand-held smart phone that looks like the ear pods
case you'd get in an iPhone. No joke, there's volume buttons on there. There's a power button, it's, basically, a smartphone in your hand, it's got USB C and micro USB at the top to do data. It was pretty sweet, you get
to see it and interact with it. There's a controller, kind
of a low-key thing at CES that I think a lot of people
missed, but definitely the best I can't wait for it to come out in 2019. (woosh)
Let me know, in the comments, what you guys have thought
about CES from other videos. What you guys have, honestly,
thought has come of it. From a lot of people
that I'm hearing here, it's been mixed responses, but
one thing I was not expecting were laptops and this
is where it gets sweet. So, I had a chance to
check out ASUS and LGs 17 inch laptop screen, get
this, in a 15 inch form factor. So, if you guys remember
the 17 inch MacBook Pro, that was one of my favorites. Well, now the whole MacBook
line is kinda interesting and I'm, basically, ready
to try anything new. Any new PC, if you know
of one, send it to me. I am down for the challenge in 2019. And ASUS kinda hit me with
something I was not expecting. If you guys remember
the original ASUS ROG. It cost $5,000, the laptop from last year. Well, this year, they're back
at it with a 10 pound laptop. It kinda looks like a Surface
with a kick-stand in the back, a detachable keyboard and
it's a 10 pound gaming laptop. So, no one knows the price of it. It's something I cannot wait for. You guys let me know,
drop a like on this video if you guys want me to pick one up. It's probably going to be mad expensive. But, that in mind, that could
be the ultimate gaming laptop for on-the-go, man, did you
see what Razer was doing, too? It's crazy. (woosh) How are the speakers? So this is all you need,
you don't need a turntable? It's built in? - [Vendor] Built in
and you get the lights. - [Keaton] Not the best DJ,
as you can probably tell. (drum sounds) (electronic scratching) - This is the biggest one,
PK-seven, PK-five and PK-three. They all have Meridian Technology
so the sounds pretty good. (woosh) - Of course with CES your
gonna see electric vehicles. That's kinda the new norm,
where self-driving or autonomous vehicles, those are everything. And one that I really
liked was the Byton M-Byte. So, it will start to be
manufactured at the end of 2019. That's what they say, take
everything with a grain of salt. You don't know Faraday Future,
it still could happen again. One thing that was cool
though was seeing a tablet inside the steering wheel and then a 49 inch screen put into the dash. So, hopefully, the car
comes out sometime in 2020. I would love to check one
out, definitely drive one. Maybe do a challenge for a month. (woosh) One of the kind of underrated
announcements that's kind of a big deal that
you might not really think is a big deal is HDMI 2.1. So now that's 2019 and it
came out a few years ago, it's now being manufactured in every TV. And why is that a big deal? Because Dolby Atmos, that's
right, some key gaming stuff goes through the cable now, that's it. Yeah, it goes through the cable. Kinda cool when you think about it. (woosh)
So an underwater drone, get this, has a four-K lens. Checkin out the one from Sublue. A four-K, wide-angle lens and dual motors. So, you control it like an
RC car, just underwater. And it's a little expensive,
but I think that's, kinda something low-key
that might have been missed. I'll do a weirdest tech
video of CES, tomorrow, So make sure you guys
get subscribed for that. (woosh)
Yeah, that was, basically, it for CES, pretty cool,
pretty chill and I was, honestly, surprised
with everything that was supposed to come out that I
heard rumors, Like five-G. Yeah, you're gonna see a
ton of stuff on five-G, but nothing's really got
the ball rolling yet. Where I'm excited and
officially ready for it. (woosh) We got a few people
throwing pranks out there. You guys probably saw that
on the second channel. Crazy stuff is going down, so that's, basically, it for this video. So if you guys are new, make
sure you guys get subscribed, just by clicking that button down there and check out two other videos after this. I'll see you guys next time, buh-bye! 