So I've been reading a bunch of stuff on the iPhone 10 you guys know I've been really loving it seriously It's coming on to me What that got weird? but there's a secret feature in the iPhone 10 called dark mode and basically what it does is it converts your iPhones color screen at least on the iPhone 10 into a full black and white display and why this is kind of cool is with the iPhone 10 being the first iPhone to have an OLED screen that means when black pixels are showing up on the screen the phone's battery doesn't have to work as hard And honestly not hard at all doesn't even need to put any power towards them To get that black pixel to show up so basically what I'm thinking is if the screen is black and white in Theory like this phone should be able to last like a week. No one's really tested it they just have been talking about it so I actually want to try this so if you guys want to try this at home and Let me know in the comments if you do hit me up over on insta That's where everyone's hanging out the insta story is always poppin It should be really interesting, so here's what we're gonna do the phone on my left is an iPhone 10 That's gonna be our constant We're not doing any change to this we actually have I'm going to show you guys real quick the display and brightness is at 75 percent or around their true tone flash is off the Sleep/wake is set to never so pretty much just the basic settings You'd find on an iPhone 10 probably the one that you're using and then the one that we're gonna be changing has the same stuff So go into general display and brightness Around let's bump that up to like 75 percent I want to keep these as accurate and as Scientific as possible true tone flash is off auto lock sets and ever and here's where the funky settings go down This is where you're gonna get dark mode look and honestly just like going through this now it Reminds me of the time where I made my iPhone 6s Last a week Basically what I did was like velcroed a battery pack to the back of my phone if you missed that video I'll leave it right up there in the iCard. It was so funny, and so insane. You're gonna slap it on the back here, so The challenge now begins this is what I'm hoping is with software We can pretty much achieve this with this secret dark mode and get you double if not triple your battery life Just need a black and white phone, so let's actually get in to this so to enable this you need to hop into settings Then you're gonna go to general Scroll all the way to accessibility I didn't even do any scrolling there Who am I kidding you're gonna need to go to accessibility? And then hit this new button on here called display accommodations You can try this on some of the older iPhones, but on the iPhone 10 That's really where the pizzazz starch the show so you're gonna go into invert colors Now with smart invert if you turn that on it. Just reverses the colors of the display classic invert is the real OG That's the one you want here, so we'll turn that on if I can even do it struggling over here now We're gonna go back and we're gonna hit color filters. This is where you get the mode known as grayscale That's kind of the scientific term You need to turn that on so we'll turn on color filters And then you can see the grayscale option is checked right here We have an iPhone 10 fully black-and-white so when I swipe down to the bottom You can see not only are the colors inverted But it's pretty much a black and white iPhone so what we're gonna Do now is fire up YouTube and we're gonna watch the same video I got I've been this in the ocean a little bit. I got a giant sea turtle video. It's 12 hours long We have a timer in the middle so we're gonna head start on here pretty much to see which iPhone dies first now you guys probably want to know what percent battery life for starting at with each of these iPhone Tens so before we play the video Colored iPhone turns at a hundred percent, and then the black and white iPhones also at a hundred percent So let's get the giant sea turtle video Hooking up right here BAM shout out to you cat trumpet. You made this one happen and just like that We're about to see if the secret dark mode on the iPhone 10 makes it last longer so pretty We're just check it in we're almost at an hour and basically I'm just gonna check back in with you guys obviously I'm not gonna keep the cameras rolling like the entire time that would just be super boring It's like every hour, so I'll let you guys know what percent We're at let's check out the colored iPhone first my guess is this thing has gotta be it like 70% or so far and this is gonna be it like 90 You're losing a lot you're losing the colors. That's the whole point of the secret dark mode. Let's peep this real quick Whoa all right. We're at 78% on the colored phone and on the black-and-white phone 79 percent Wow I was not expecting to be this close, let's get back to the sea turtles you got a stingray on here now Burger King hits the spot late at night I'll tell you so we're just coming up on our two right now had to get some food I'm so hungry, Matt, and I are pretty much. Just like watching paint dry with these phones They might be saying yourself like Why aren't the videos like synced up because our Wi-Fi in like this office is the quality of a potato it is worse Let me know in the comments if you guys have better Wi-Fi everyone should be saying I have better Wi-Fi It's that bad basically the phone on the Left Started buffering the one on the right was doing its thing so it's moved along Let's see what the battery life's like so we're gonna check the colored iPhone first Wow are you serious? 54% This thing has to be at like 60 there's no way it's this close here. We go Are you kidding me? 54% On the dark. I don't even know what's on my fingers at this point like Hu! Hu! That's what I'm saying all the time 54% on the black and white iPhone 54% on the colored iPhone it's looking like maybe dark mode doesn't show the best results when you're watching sea turtles swim in the ocean Coming up on hour three right now And I gotta say like I did not imagine watching paint dry Being as boring as this is (Squidward voice) we can't just sit here and do nothing Let's check the percentages on the phone I don't even know what the turtles are doing I think they've made friends now with the fish (Mean, deep shark voice) fish are friends not food I am really really relaxed like Let's check the percentage on the colored iPhone 31% interesting with the color display, okay alright 30 percent okay I think this is the first time the black and white iPhone is actually lower than the colored iPhone Kind of interesting considering. This is a black-and-white inverted display I really thought dark mode would have a lot more of an effect on the battery life than what we're seeing But hey we got 30% left. Let's continue with the paint drying. I think everybody needs a friend So we're gonna give him one right here, at least. Hopefully make friends get in a fight like worldstar this We're coming up at three and a half hours here both low power indicators have shown up So low battery on the iPhone and black and white low battery on the one in color I want to see how low in battery I mean I think he's popped up like a few minutes ago But time is of the essence when the turtles are doing their thing for some reason It stopped on this phone like when the low battery notification popped up and for some reason stoped the YouTube video So let's just check this out 18% there I Feel like it's gonna be less. I feel like this is gonna be like 16% 17% Still less I think it's pretty safe to say dark mode It's not cutting go ahead and like the Instagram photo of this video if you guys have made it this far And hey if we get enough likes my photo let search me for like five K likes I'm gonna try this out little more than just one battery run And hey if that doesn't work and get my iPhone the last a week I'm gonna strap another battery pack to my iPhone 10. And we're gonna do it old-school style About to hit hour 4 I think the gray scaled iPhone is gonna die way before the colored one. It's interesting Let's actually see a percent right 11 percent this thing got the 10 percent notification 8% Wow I'm actually really shocked I've just been plowing through David's vlogs. Just trying to get through this It's been tough friends have been made Friends have been lost in this 12 hour adventure of the secret dark mode on the iPhone 10 Coming up on four and a half hours right now. We're really powering through. Let's see what the Full color iPhones at four percent, this one's got to be at one percent. There's no way Look, called it one percent on the dark mode iPhone might be a secret feature I think the only real way to tell if it actually makes a difference is using it like throughout a week Seeing if it makes your iPhone lasts more than a day I'm totally surprised I was not expecting the black and white iPhone with settings that literally crippled it To die faster shout out to all the Turtle gang Appreciate you for keeping me entertained for four-and-a-half hours Just like that the black and white iPhone 10 that's powered off so peaceful so mesmerizing, good night sweet prince That's pretty much it for this video makes you guys can subscribe with notifications Turned on if you're new and let me know in the comments if you guys are just joining the notification  squad For that shadow makes you follow us on the insta story That's where all the behind the scenes is going down and you'll get to know what new videos were working on Hopefully my hair doesn't turn gray now. Bye 